=====

=====

**SCP-8716:** /theslugw1tch

**Author:** [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/panik-s-perfection-in-progress Mr Panik], [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/enayy-s-author-page Enay]

⚠️ **Note:** USE HEADPHONES FOR THE BEST EXPERIENCE! 

##### Item #:

SCP-8716

##### Object Class:

Keter

##### Special Containment Procedures:

SCP-8716 is currently uncontained. All known associates of SCP-8716 victims are to receive amnestic therapy, with appropriate cover stories deployed to account for the disappearance of each victim.

Digitalbridge.aic is to maintain permanent watch of all online activity for SCP-8716 manifestations, and will assist in identifying a means to suppress it. Any references to "/theslugw1tch" or "The Slug Witch" found outside of video media are to be investigated for association with SCP-8716. Despite their appearance through anomalous means, all alterations made to videos by SCP-8716 are non-anomalous and harmless and will be tolerated to prevent unnecessary expenditure on containment.

A proposal by Dr. Taft to extend containment procedures to include support services to Foundation staff affected by SCP-8716 is currently pending review by the Ethics Committee.

##### Description:

SCP-8716 is a digital anomaly capable of ontological displacement, whereby victims are displaced from baseline reality into a digital pocket universe. It targets individuals engaging with video sharing platforms. Manifestations are identified by the addition of "**/theslugw1tch**" in contaminated video URLs.

The SCP-8716 phenomenon primarily manifests in videos aimed at relaxation; how the target is chosen is unknown. Targets of SCP-8716 also do not appear aware of the SCP-8716 phenomenon, and in the weeks leading up to their disappearance display a distinct, steady escalation in engagement with relaxation media.

SCP-8716 observation periods of its target prior to their disappearance varies greatly with documented cases indicating a range of several weeks to over 7 years. Between 5% and 15% of SCP-8716 events eventually result in a disappearance.

##### Discovery:

SCP-8716 was discovered after the disappearance of Dr. Oliver Carson, a researcher at Site-15, on 27 May 2025. Upon investigation, the circumstances of Dr. Carson's disappearance aligned closely with the disappearance patterns of a group of unresolved missing-persons cases identified by the United States government with the earliest disappearance dating to 9 November 2009.

The following patterns emerged during investigations of this data pool:

* 67% of victims were single.

* A majority of victims were known to be introverted or otherwise reclusive, however, a statistically material number of victims did not match this profile.

* All victims disappeared from their homes without any forced entry.

* Disappearance times varied widely.

* No clear trends based on race, gender, sexuality, political or religious affiliations could be found beyond a slightly higher number of men disappearing than women.

Due to lack of overt signs of a crime, many of these disappearances were not adequately investigated, but when compared to international data pools, the Foundation was able to identify further trends within these disappearances. 

* All victims whose internet history formed part of their investigations indicated that regardless of the time frame, the trend remained the same -- a slow but gradual beginning with an exponential rate of engagement in the final three months.

* When revisited by non-target individuals, "/theslugw1tch" is not present in the URL. However, once an SCP-8716 event is complete, alterations to the affected media will remain. 

* Demographics of missing persons echoed those found by the United States, with men leading the disappearances. 

* Forensic testing from Germany addressing claims of extreme disposal of human remains indicates no sign of blood on drain pipes, gardening equipment, garbage disposals, or within any vehicles associated with the missing personThis was later verified by Turkey, China, and Australia..

* 52% of missing persons were reported as being in an elevated mood by close relations they engaged with prior to their disappearance and their disappearance had been considered sudden.

* Channels accommodating only the lo-fi genre were the most popular, but SCP-8716 appeared across a multitude of genres aimed at relaxation.

SCP-8716 appeared 76 times on Dr. Carson's Foundation-issue browser. With the inclusion of Dr.Carson's personal devices, the total number of times SCP-8716 manifestations totalled 787 times over the course of 100 months. 

Dr. Eddie Sinclair was placed in charge of investigations into the SCP-8716 phenomenon.

---

##### Addendum 8716-1A:

At 11:15, 21 July 2025, Digitalbridge.aic, developed by Dr. Paula Moore to track SCP-8716 manifestation patterns, flagged Miss Addison Dunn's Foundation-issue laptop for an SCP-8716 contaminated URL, providing investigators with the opportunity to interview an SCP-8716 target. 

Security forces immediately responded, confiscating the contaminated device and detaining Miss Dunn. An interview confirmed Miss Dunn had no understanding of the implications of the SCP-8716 manifestation. Her interview revealed that she had been watching videos to relax as she worked through financial reports. Miss Dunn's colleagues and search history confirmed a history of this behaviour; while remaining a high performer, Miss Dunn was allowed to continue. Dr. Sinclair received approval from the O5 Council to covertly monitor Miss Dunn for any changes in her behaviour and further SCP-8716 manifestation.

Over the course of the next two months, SCP-8716 manifested 362 more times across all of her devices. Investigation into her personal affairs revealed that Miss Dunn was her mother's primary caregiver after a recent diagnosis of pancreatic cancer. A work from home schedule was discussed with Miss Dunn, and after the flexibility was provided, the number of SCP-8716 manifestations diminished drastically. Whilst Miss Dunn's mother did pass, Miss Dunn was allowed to work from home during this process and Foundation funded counselling was provided to ensure she was adequately supported. 

Digitalbridge.aic flagged multiple other staff members as having interacted with an SCP-8716 contaminated URL during the period that Miss Dunn was observed, however, most occurrences were limited to single encounters. Miss Dunn continues to experience SCP-8716 manifestations.

Dr. Sinclair was flagged twice by Digitalbridge.aic during the period Miss Dunn was observed. Upon being questioned, Dr. Sinclair assured higher management that he was attending counselling to assist with the shock of Dr. Carson's disappearance, but that his faculties were not impaired. Foundation psychiatric records confirmed Dr. Sinclair was competent and of sound mind, and was therefore cleared for duty.

---

##### Evidence Log-8716-1B

**Subject:** Francesca Marchetti

**Age:** 47

**Location:** Naples, Italy

**Occupation:** Accountant

**Total SCP-8716 manifestations:** 127 over 6 years.

**Notes:** Mrs. Marchetti and her husband each shared control of an accounting firm in Naples, providing services to both the middle and upper income tax brackets. Their company experienced a recent audit after false accusations of fraud were raised against their firm, but both Mr. and Mrs. Marchetti had been noted as managing the crisis effectively. 

Despite what those in her sphere described as external serenity, Mrs Marchetti maintained a diary which indicated an internal struggle with self-worth and self-image. These writings revealed her deep frustration at being unable to "be in two places at once" as she experienced guilt at not being more present in her children's lives, but also that she understood "the necessity of the sacrifice." However, Mrs. Marchetti's personal writings repeatedly express feelings of being trapped and failing. She disappeared on 18 August 2018.

The original files of Mrs. Marchetti's video were retrieved from the creator and played alongside the video available online. Digitalbridge.aic quickly isolated anomalous alterations in the footage. Over the course of the 12 hour video, a female silhouette appears in the lava lamp visuals at 2 hour intervals. Facial recognition indicates a 54% likeness to Mrs. Marchetti and confirms the presence of the facial markers of at least 64 other individuals. The video's creator has been appropriately amnesticized.

---

**Name:** Axel Rutherford

**Age:** 18

**Location:** Lithgow, New South Wales, Australia

**Occupation:** High School Student                    

**Total SCP-8716 manifestations:**  567 over 2 years.

**Notes:** While the Rutherford family were well-known within the community, much of Axel's story was revealed after his disappearance. Investigations into his home computer uncovered evidence that Axel was homosexual and had been saving money to move to Sydney once he had completed high school. Evidence on his computer indicates he had plans for his own landscaping start-up once he was established in Sydney. 

Axel's father was a business owner in Lithgow's local steel industry with heavily Christian values. Evidence suggests Axel's family became aware of his sexual orientation prior to his graduation and the relationships within the family deteriorated severely in the weeks that followed. Diary entries suggest Axel had hoped to introduce his homosexuality to his family in increments after he graduated. 

Despite this, the pressure from his family and attempts at "corrective" therapy resulted in Axel's grades immediately showing a steep decline, and on 10 December 2010, Axel went missing from his residence. His disappearance went unreported for 3 days.

Dr. Sinclair obtained the original footage of the last SCP-8716 contaminated video Axel watched for analysis. While the original footage only included minor rain animations, after Axel's disappearance, a young, male individual bearing a resemblance to Axel can be seen walking into frame and interacting with the environment. The individual tends the garden, reads, naps, and can be seen drinking a cup of coffee from time to time. Close-up shots indicate a slug can occasionally be seen on the leaves of the plants within the greenhouse. The video has also notably shifted from being a standard video to being a permanently broadcast live video for the channel, garnering an average of between 2000 - 4000 concurrent listeners per day.

---

Subject: Michael Fico

**Age:** 24

**Location:** New York, New York

**Occupation:** Medical Student

**Total SCP-8716 manifestations:**  431 over 4 years.

**Notes:** Michael Fico attended weekly therapy sessions for extreme Generalized Anxiety Disorder, and had been medicated for 7 years. His therapist expressed repeated concerns that Michael masked other symptoms.  In private notes, Michael's therapist theorized that he may have suffered a greater trauma that he did not want to draw attention to, but that while Michael preferred isolation and emotional detachment and despite prior diagnoses from psychiatric professionals, he did not meet the diagnostic criteria for Schizoid Personality Disorder.

Michael was otherwise an exceptional student at Columbia University, both receiving his Bachelor of Science in Biological Sciences, and having been accepted into Columbia University Vagelos College of Physicians and Surgeons (VP&S).

Michael's family funded several private investigations into his disappearance and his relationship with his family also proved to be well-adjusted, with both parents being active and supportive members of their children's lives. While findings from the investigations were sparse, in the weeks prior to his disappearance, Michael's mood was described by those around him as sullen and punctuated with outbursts of anger. He disappeared on 4 June 2019 after a night out with friends in which he was described as seeming "at peace." Investigations into his belongings revealed that he had begun collecting paraphernalia related to the lo-fi music genre, including several plush toys, prints, and vinyl albums sold during fundraisers. 

Michael's case was investigated by Foundation psychiatrists and psychoanalytical findings suggested that he may have been suffering from undiagnosed Obsessive Compulsive Disorder, leading to the stress and anxiety he had been experiencing. A misdiagnosis could have exacerbated his symptoms causing the reported paroxysms of anger prior to his disappearance. Dr. Sinclair flagged this as a likely cause of Michael's persistent self-isolating and depressive behaviours. 

Comparisons to the original footage indicate significant changes. Notably, the video length had increased from 2 hours and 3 minutes to 24 hours. Michael has also been identified within the video, with Dr. Sinclair describing his visible mood as detached or brooding. Several enhancements to the previously minor animations have also been made, namely:

* The video appears to follow a full day-night cycle.

* Fog now cycles through the environment at regular intervals at differing opacities.

* Lights appear in one of the homes at the 1.5 hours mark. A humanoid figure moves within.  

* At 4 hours, a male figure identified as Michael Fico leaves the house and walks down the railroad track towards the camera before disappearing.

* At 6 hours, Michael returns. He does not leave the frame again.

* After returning, Michael will move about the landscape, disappearing around buildings and sitting in the grass. He appears to rest and write. This continues until hour 16 at which point Michael re-enters the building.

* The light in Michael's home extinguishes at hour 22.

* All foggy periods and periods where Michael is off screen are marked by the appearance of figures resembling the outline of a humanoid interacting with the environment with jittering movements. He avoids them during the foggy periods, staying near the stairs to his apartment.

* The figures also climb the buildings and the video ends with one climbing the walls to Michael's room window and perching itself above it.

* At no point does Michael seem distressed by these figures. 

 

---

 

---

##### Addendum 8716-2A

Dr. Sinclair consolidated behavioral analysis profiles of all missing persons, and determined that the SCP-8716 phenomenon targeted high performers in their fields. This was generally disputed, with multiple department colleagues reminding Dr. Sinclair of Carson's repeated under-performance. Dr. Sinclair was granted permission to investigate Carson's private life to further understanding of SCP-8716. These investigations ultimately led to Incident 8716-2C.

##### Evidence Log 8716-2B

**Name:** Oliver Carson

**Age:** 29

**Location:** Site-15

**Occupation:** Researcher                  

**Total SCP-8716 manifestations:** 787 in a 3 year period, with occurrences counted prior to that. 

**Notes:** After extensive investigation into Dr. Carson's past, Dr. Sinclair was able to determine that despite his generally reserved professionalism, Carson had a history of mental health struggles dating back to his teenage years. Between the ages of 16 and 25, Carson had received 3 separate emergency 72 hour psychiatric holds and 2 separate 28 day stays in psychiatric facilities. Despite these difficulties, and despite Carson's regular tardiness, absences from work, and overall lack of productivity, the quality of what Carson *did* produce was known to be exceptional.

All who worked with Carson aligned that as a person he was delightful, but as a colleague he was unpleasant, competitive, and sensitive. 

In his personal time, Carson was an avid concept artist, with dreams of working for a gaming studioDr. Carson had previously indicated a desire to leave the SCP Foundation, but intervention from his direct superiors prevented this. Due to Dr. Carson's persistent lack of performance, Ethics Committee investigations for mismanagement of the situation by both Dr. Carson's direct superiors and the Fire Suppression Department are underway.. While Carson did not maintain any personal journals, colleagues and friends noted that he lamented his loneliness frequently, but was "not well-adjusted enough" to be romantically successful. Hume levels surrounding Carson's work station and home were stable, and no evidence of the process by which SCP-8716 selects and claims its targets was left.

Once again, investigations into the final video viewed by Carson reveal multiple changes to the video. The original upload time was 45 minutes, however, "sorry mom" is now a permanent live video on the channel, maintaining roughly 1000 concurrent viewers. While the investigation revealed that the video's creator was unaware of why the video had been altered, they had begun making frequent additions to the track list due to the increase in viewership. 

Visual alterations to the video are minor, but a man identified as Dr. Oliver Carson can be seen walking through the frame in civilian clothing, carrying an umbrella to protect himself from the persistent rain. Carson's appearance has continued to change, with his hair now reaching down to the middle of his back, and the state of his facial hair changes frequently. The timing of Carson's movements in the video remain erratic, with average time frames between his appearances varying from 15 minutes to 8 hours, with the current largest time gap being 3 days. No clear pattern to these movements can be identified. 

Carson's mood overall has been described as light and calm, but this has been known to change rapidly. Carson has been known to occasionally look directly at the camera, with this occuring more often while his video is being observed by those who knew him. Dr. Sinclair theorises this reaction depends on who is viewing him, as the reactions vary from calm and detached to anger, echoing Carson's known manner of engagement. 

All alterations are harmless as is standard with SCP-8716 and the video's creator has undergone memory replacement therapy to accommodate them, with the channel creator taking credit and stating their intention was to create a peaceful and immersive experience by creating the illusion of random and free movement for their character.

At 02:11, 27 November 2025, Dr. Sinclair was alerted to movement along the perimeter of his property by his home security system. Upon investigating the disturbance, Dr. Sinclair discovered that Dr. Oliver Carson had manifested on the borders of the property and was making his way toward the house. Sinclair neglected to alert Foundation personnel immediately, but dressed and concealed a body camera on his person. 

##### Incident 8716-2C

**Notes:** Carson's appearance has changed notably, with a healthier frame and significantly longer hair, he appears to be in good health. He is visibly irritated as Sinclair opens the door to greet him and steps inside without invitation.

---

**BEGIN LOG**

*The front door opens.*

**SINCLAIR:** Ollie!

**CARSON:** We need to talk.

*Carson enters. He is not aggressive, but firmly moves Sinclair out the way.*

**SINCLAIR:** Are you okay? Where have you been?

**CARSON:** We're not doing this. We need to talk. 

**SINCLAIR:** I~~ I mean you've been gone for so long ~~

*Carson shuts the door for Sinclair.*

**CARSON:** I'm fucking serious, Eddie!

**SINCLAIR:** Oliver, what's going on? You've been missing for months and --

**CARSON:** Can we please go inside? 

*Dr. Carson is clearly looking over Dr. Sinclair's shoulder into his home. Carson fidgets with his jacket, breathing intensely.*

**SINCLAIR:** I'm trying to understand --

**CARSON:** Can I make it past  the fucking entrance hall before you freak out? I said I need to speak to you not fight with you!

*Both men look at each other for a few moments before Sinclair turns and leads them into the living room. Neither sit.*

**SINCLAIR:** Can I at least say it's good to see you?

**CARSON:** That's not why I'm here. I don't even want to be here. 

**SINCLAIR:** ...

**CARSON:** ... 

**SINCLAIR:** Then why are you? 

**CARSON:** Because I need to know why you're looking for me -- for us. 

**SINCLAIR:** I'm trying to get you home. Did you think I wasn't going to look for you?

**CARSON:** That's not what I'm asking. You know that.

**SINCLAIR:** ...

**CARSON:** ...

**SINCLAIR:** You're *with* the other victims? 

**CARSON:** Yes, I am. And we're happy where we are.

**SINCLAIR:** Happy...

*Carson becomes visibly agitated.*

**CARSON:** Yes, Eddie! That thing we used to be.

**SINCLAIR:** ...

**CARSON:** I came because you're supposed to be the reasonable one. 

**SINCLAIR:** What are you talking about?

**CARSON:** You need to stop looking for us, okay? Seriously. Tell the Foundation it's harmless. 

**SINCLAIR:** I can't do that. 

**CARSON:** Eddie, come on, man. You always said you wanted to see me happy. I'm happy. I'm safe.

**SINCLAIR:** People are going missing. They've been going missing since the birth of video platform media! The files go back to 2005, and it probably started before that in other ways. We can bring these people back. We can bring *you* back.

**CARSON:** You haven't changed at all.

*Carson begins pacing back and forth angrily.*

**SINCLAIR:** It's an anomaly that's stealing people away to who knows where --

**CARSON:** Do I look like I'm in danger? Do I look hurt? 

**SINCLAIR:** There are clearly memetic agents at play, Oliver.

*Carson's paroxysm passes and he seems exhausted immediately thereafter.*

**CARSON:** The Slug's not hurting anybody, Eddie. 

**SINCLAIR:** The Slug?

**CARSON:** I went because I wanted to get away from this. From all of this. I didn't come here from hell. 

**SINCLAIR:** What do you mean?

**CARSON:** Stop looking for me, Eddie. There's finally a place for me, a place I can be okay. Just stop fucking looking.

**SINCLAIR:** ...

*Carson sighs, shaking his head. He appears sad.*

**SINCLAIR:** Just because you went willingly, doesn't mean everyone did.

**CARSON:** Oh for fuck sakes! I don't need you to rescue me, Eddie. I never did.

**SINCLAIR:** I just want to help you, Ollie.

*Sinclair steps forward producing a taser from his coat pocket, but Carson tackles and disarms him. Without further struggle, Carson flees the scene.*

**END LOG**

---

Dr. Sinclair initially withheld the altercation between himself and Dr. Carson from his direct superior, and requested time off from the investigation. Two days after Dr. Sinclair failed to report back for duty, Foundation staff performed a wellness check and discovered Sinclair missing from his home. A brief search confirmed that Sinclair had been the victim of SCP-8716.

Investigations were handed to Dr. Clarissa Taft who has never been flagged by Digitalbridge.aic in the history of her tenure at the Foundation. Dr. Taft's initial focus was to confirm why Digitalbridge.aic had neglected to warn Foundation staff of the SCP-8716 manifestations on Dr. Sinclair's devices. Evidence indicated that, in contravention of Foundation policy and SCP-8716 containment procedures, Digitalbridge.aic's scope had been limited to exclude Dr. Sinclair from its active monitoring. When questioned, Dr. Moore confirmed that Dr. Sinclair had been given access to Digitalbridge.aic, but that he lacked the clearance to make necessary alterations. Evidence suggests Dr. Sinclair was able to have himself excluded via social engineering and emotional manipulation of Dr. Moore who had been particularly distressed by Dr. Carson's disappearance. 

Dr. Moore confirmed that Dr. Sinclair feared being removed from the investigation due to being flagged, and she ensured he would not be reported, but kept silent record of SCP-8716 manifestations on his devices. Dr. Moore was reprimanded, but due to years of long service, did not face long-term disciplinary sanctions. Data provided by Dr. Moore indicated that from the time Dr. Carson went missing till the date of Dr. Sinclair's disappearance, SCP-8716 manifested 131 times across all of Sinclair's devices. Historical count places this in excess of 500 manifestations over the course of 4 years.

Dr. Sinclair had installed surveillance cameras inside his home after he became aware that Digitalbridge.aic had flagged him as a potential SCP-8716 target, suggesting the installation was to monitor his home for evidence of his eventual disappearance. Video footage shows no physical manifestation of an entity or phenomenon prior to Sinclair's disappearance. Footage shows him sitting at his computer watching YouTube videos until he disappears from the footage without any visual interference.

Eddie Sinclair was declared Missing-In-Action on 9 December 2025.

---

<< [SCP-8715](SCP-8715) | SCP-8716 | [SCP-8717](SCP-8717) >>

> **Filename:** summerbeatsaudio.mp3

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8716/summerbeatsaudio.mp3

> **Filename:** scisynthaudio.mp3

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8716/scisynthaudio.mp3

> **Filename:** compassionaudio.mp3

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8716/compassionaudio.mp3

> **Filename:** greenhouseaudio.mp3

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8716/greenhouseaudio.mp3

> **Filename:** michaelaudio.mp3

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8716/michaelaudio.mp3

> **Filename:** sorrymomaudio.mp3

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8716/sorrymomaudio.mp3

> **Filename:** endingriveraudio.mp3

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8716/endingriveraudio.mp3

> **Filename:** saygoodnight.jpeg

> **Author:** Tero Karppinen

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:-Digital_Bokeh--Digital_Art_11-_(51904968340).jpg

> **Filename:** greenhouseheatz.jpeg

> **Author:** Capecross

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International 

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Old_Gas_Station_Hamburg_Grindel.jpg

> **Filename:** summerbeats.jpeg

> **Author:** [David Revoy](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/User:Deevad)

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 3.0 Unported 

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Genghis-jones-screensaver_mango_concept-art_02.png

> **Filename:** lifeisamystery.jpeg

> **Author:** [Xcopy](https://xcopy.art/works/all-time-high-in-the-city)

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication.

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:All_Time_High_in_the_City.gif

> **Filename:** lavalamp2.jpeg

> **Author:** [William Warby](https://www.flickr.com/photos/wwarby/)

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication.

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/534f4dab-1a03-4435-848b-f473cc4e3112?q=lava+lamp+art&p=3

> **Filename:** foggyhouses.jpeg

> **Author:** [Stephan K.](https://www.flickr.com/photos/128422953@N08/15778273878/) 

> **License:** 	CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Alter_Bahnhof_in_Bassenheim_bei_Nebel_(15778273878).jpg

> **Filename:** alienlandscapes.jpeg

> **Author:** [Ryzom](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ryzom_environmental_concept_art_222.jpg)

> **License:** 	Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ryzom_environmental_concept_art_222.jpg
