=====

=====

[!--

crits: drblackbox

images:

- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Micha%C5%82_Fr%C4%85ckowiak_-_Selfie_2.jpg

- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Tv_static.jpg

- https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:French_heraldic_crowns_-_marquis_v2.svg

--]

**Item #:** SCP-8832

**Object Class:** Musical

**Containment Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The outer walls of floors B3-B8 of Site-17 have been reinforced with a lattice of electrified copper wires. This makes it impossible for SCP-8832-1 to leave Site-17. It has been noted that this has the side effect of making it more difficult for other contained entities to breach Site-17.

Entities A, C and D are allowed free roam between floors B3-B8, contingent on good behavior. Entity B has proven uncooperative and is currently held in a containment cell lined with another copper lattice.

Foundation webcrawlers are to scan music hosting sites for SCP-8832. Once SCP-8832 is identified, it should be taken down and its uploader investigated. USB drives containing SCP-8832 in lossless audio format are kept in safe-class lockers at Site-17, Site-21 and ~~Site-05~~Personnel are to be reminded that [there is no Site-5](scp-4182). Area-07. Following the creation of Entity D, all testing with SCP-8832 is suspended.

**Containment Breach Protocols:** During a containment breach at Site-17, SCP-8832-1 instances should be herded towards standard low-risk containment shelters. As SCP-8832-1 are incorporeal, it is unlikely that other anomalies will be able to harm them. Still, care should be taken to prevent interactions between SCP-8832-1 and reality bending entities. In the event of defiance against containment personnel, SCP-8832-1 are vulnerable to standard issue tazers. SCP-8832-1 are unlikely to be a substantial threat to any personnel or other low-risk anomalies.

Under no circumstances should SCP-8832 be used or played during any containment breach or mass casualty event.

**Description:** SCP-8832 is the indie rock track *Handshadows*, recorded by the band "Elements of Swing" circa Jan 2005 for their final album *Lord of the Land*. SCP-8832 has been described as "post-[Strokes](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Strokes) garage rock"; the first half of the song has a high tempo with emphasis on guitar, while the second half suddenly shifts into a slower, drum-driven beat. Due to this tonal dissonance, as well as being outshined by singles on the same album, SCP-8832 never acheived widespread airplay. Remixes or live play sessions of SCP-8832 do not demonstrate the same anomaly as SCP-8832 itself.

SCP-8832's anomalous effects were not realized until years after its release. If a humanDuring testing, rats that were killed while listening to SCP-8832 experienced no adverse effects.~~Testing with anomalous humanoids is pending.~~ dies while listening to SCP-8832, an incorporeal duplicate of the subject will manifest near the subject's body. This entity is sentient, claims to be the subject, and is hereafter referred to as SCP-8832-1.

SCP-8832-1 are capable of interacting with the world at a significantly reduced capacity. During testing, SCP-8832-1 was able to push a 5kg weighted cube, but showed difficulty handling heavier objects. SCP-8832-1 is able to move through solid materials and are capable of six directional freedom of movement. Instances show difficulty moving through thicker objects, and appear to be completely unable to penetrate copperAlloys of copper, such as bronze, have a substantially less impactful effect..

SCP-8832-1 instances do not age, and no method of neutralization have been able to kill SCP-8832-1. However, instances are demonstrably affected by light and electricity. Tazers have been demonstrated to be able to stun SCP-8832-1.

**History:** The following SCP-8832-1 instances are contained by the Foundation:

| Designation | Former Identity | Creation | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Entity A | Robert Piket, 23 year old male | Entity A was listening to SCP-8832 while playing the CD for *Lord of the Land* on their car's stereo. While at the beach, Entity A was fatally stung by a box jellyfish and then expired in their car. Entity was recovered by the Foundation after manifesting in Santa Cruz, CA. | First instance of SCP-8832-1. Originally believed to be one-off phenomenon. |
| Entity B | Ayumi Ishito, 32 year old female | Entity B was diagnosed with a malignant spinal tumor. After the failure of chemotherapy, Entity B expired peacefully on her deathbed while listening to indie rock radio. By chance, radio played SCP-8832 as she expired. Entity was contained after manifesting in the hospital. | After similarities between Entity A and Entity B were identified, global search began to identify potential other subinstances. |
| Entity C | Carlos Hernandez, 29 year old male | Entity C was fatally stabbed during a rave where SCP-8832 was played. Entity C remained in hiding until Foundation investigation of the incident following interviews with Entities A and B. After being discovered in his apartment, Entity C willingly entered Foundation custody. | Third entity confirmed SCP-8832 as being the common component between all three known entities. |
| Entity D | D-67481, 43 year old male | Entity D was intentionally killed by the Foundation during testing in order to confirm SCP-8832's anomalous effects. | During testing, biometrics and {{[DATA REDACTED]}} were attached to D-67481 in an attempt to measure supertonic and ultraphysical shifts experienced during SCP-8832. Test data sealed following Ethics Committee disapproval. |
It is currently believed that there are no known additional SCP-8832-1 instances. All primary recordings of SCP-8832 have since been purged or replaced with non-anomalous recordings. Due to ethical concerns surrounding exposing further personnel to immortality, testing is currently suspended.

**Addendum 01:** SCP-8832-1 Interview Logs

*All interviews were recorded, transcribed and translated by [TSATPWTCOTTTADC.aic](SCP-4785).*

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/306.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Rsr. Calvin

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entity A

> 

> **Date:** 10/03/2018

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> *<Irrelevant conversation expunged.>*

> 

> **Entity A:** Since we're dead, all we can really do now is think.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Interesting. What were you thinking about?

> 

> **Entity A:** So, you know you're about to die. You want to listen to one last song before you croak. What song do you choose?

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** I've never thought about it.

> 

> **Entity A:** It wasn't *Handshadows* for me. I'd have picked *Hard to Say I'm Sorry*.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** By Chicago?

> 

> **Entity A:** Yeah. I always liked Chicago. Me and Sally always listened to it together.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity A:** The weird thing about *Handshadows* is... it's almost like it's meant to be listened to while you're dying.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** In what way?

> 

> **Entity A:** I don't know. When I was dying, the song was playing. I'd decided I wasn't making it to a hospital. I was just letting my life flash before my eyes.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity A:** Then all of a sudden, the music starts, uh, making sense? Like, *Handshadows* was always a weird song. But while I'm dying, the notes seem to mean something.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** That's odd.

> 

> **Entity A:** I know, right? I'm sitting there for a while. Eventually, I start thinking I should've died by then, so I get up. Then I see my corpse.

> 

> *<Pause.>* 

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** I'm sorry.

> 

> **Entity A:** Do you think I'll be able to see Sally again?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Probably not.

> 

> **Entity A:** Why? Can't you bring her on site?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** We'd have to wipe her memory after she sees you.

> 

> **Entity A:** Right.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity A:** Maybe you could hire her? She was studying biology. I've seen the things in the hallways, I'm sure the Foundation needs biologists.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Let me ask.

> 

> **Entity A:** Thanks.

> 

> *<End Log>*

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/008.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Rsr. Calvin

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entity B

> 

> **Date:** 19/05/2018

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **Entity B:** I want to leave.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Sorry, but you can't.

> 

> **Entity B:** Why not.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** First of all, it would unconsistute an unacceptable breach. The knowledge of phenomena beyond the laws of physics represents a structural risk to society.

> 

> **Entity B:** Would ghosts change that?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Yes, very much so.

> 

> *<Entity B groans.>*

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Is there anything we can do to make you more comfortable here? We can—

> 

> **Entity B:** I had a husband and kids.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Don't worry, we've gone to great lengths to ensure they're financially comfortable.

> 

> **Entity B:** It's not about that. You don't think they miss me?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** We can bring them here, if you'd like. They'd have to stay permanently.

> 

> **Entity B:** Really, you can do that?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Since you were married and had kids, I can look into permanent on-site civilian habitation. Erm, they don't like doing it at this site.

> 

> **Entity B:** That'd be great.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Let me ask. No guarantees.

> 

> *<End Log>*

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/026.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Rsr. Calvin

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entity C

> 

> **Date:** 25/12/2018

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Merry Christmas, Carlos.

> 

> **Entity C:** Merry Christmas. What, you got a present?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** I do, actually.

> 

> *<Rsr. Calvin hands Entity C a large box. With some difficulty, Entity C manages to unwrap it.>*

> 

> **Entity C:** Is this a keyboard?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** It's a piano keyboard. I had someone in R&D replace the springs. You should be able to play it without difficulty.

> 

> **Entity C:** Oooh, nice.

> 

> *<Entity C presses a few keys on the keyboard, playing some music. He giggles.>*

> 

> **Entity C:** You couldn't get a guitar?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Sorry, but we can't bring guitars onto Site-17.For reference, see **Special Containment Procedures** of SCP-████, paragraph 2.

> 

> **Entity C:** Why not?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** You don't want to know.

> 

> **Entity C:** That's your answer for everything, ain't it?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Ha.

> 

> *<Entity C continues playing with the keyboard.>*

> 

> **Entity C:** You give Christmas gifts to everyone in this joint?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** I make a habit of it, for the cooperative anomalies.

> 

> **Entity C:** What, so Ayumi's not getting one.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Ha.

> 

> **Entity C:** You know, it wouldn't kill you to laugh every once in a while.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity C:** Or maybe it would, I don't know.

> 

> *<Entity C continues playing with the keyboard. He plays "Twinkle Twinkle Little Star".>*

> 

> **Entity C:** Did I ever tell you about how I died?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** I don't think you have.

> 

> **Entity C:** I got made for a fool. Met this girl at a boiler room party, said all the right things to take me back to her place. Told me she and her husband were in an open relationship. Turns out, it was a lot less open than I thought it was.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Ouch.

> 

> **Entity C:** Marv told me he was driving around town, looking for me. I figured I could take him in a fight. Turns out he didn't want to fight fair.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** I'm sorry.

> 

> **Entity C:** It's my own damn fault.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity C:** The weirdest thing happened after that.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** How so?

> 

> **Entity C:** Suddenly, I feel my soul being ripped from my body. It's the most painful thing I've ever felt, even more than the knife wound. The rave's gone, I'm in this big sky-blue void. There's five giants overlooking me. Close to me, there's this... guy. Looks like the most miserable person in the world.

> 

> **Entity C:** I figure I'm about to meet my maker. He opens his mouth, but before he says a word, I'm suddenly *stapled* backwards. I'm back at the rave, I'm seeing my bleeding corpse, everyone's screaming and running away. Went into hiding after that.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** "Stapled"?

> 

> **Entity C:** I can't really describe it. One moment I'm going to the great beyond, the next I'm... what I am now.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** That's strange. Robert says that never happened to him. But D-674— 

> 

> **Entity C:** Hey, come on. Use his name.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** He's still a D-Class. He's done unspeakable things.

> 

> **Entity C:** Fair enough. But it's not like he isn't trying to atone for that.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** He killed three people.

> 

> **Entity C:** Yeah, and you killed him. So he's only, what, two people in the red?

> 

> *<End Log>*

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/203.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Sierra

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entity B

> 

> **Date:** 04/11/2026

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** I'm so sorry. Is there anything I can do for them?

> 

> **Entity B:** Let them leave. They hate it here.

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** That's the one thing I can't do. They've spent years in the civilian habitation unit. Your husband and son have seen... things.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** If you'd like, I can work on an amnestic regiment for them. Of course, you wouldn't be able to— oh.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity B:** Are you serious?

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** Please understand. We're just trying to help you be cooperative.

> 

> **Entity B:** Why did Craig stop coming here?

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** Director Calvin has... additional responsibilities, these days.

> 

> **Entity B:** Ugh. It's like an active warzone, here. It's not enough that the site is like living on a military base. It's like living on a military base under *active fire*. Every time I start to feel comfortable, there's a siren, and we all have to rush for the bunkers.

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** We've transferred many more anomalies to Site-17 in the past few years. It's gotten... dangerous. I can put in a request to—

> 

> **Entity B:** I don't want to hear it. It'll be denied, again.

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** Please be cooperative, Entity B.

> 

> **Entity B:** Why?

> 

> *<Dr. Sierra pinches the bridge of his nose.>*

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** Forget it.

> 

> *<End Log>*

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/006.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Director Calvin

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entities A and C

> 

> **Date:** 27/08/2028

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **Director Calvin:** Did you help Entity B breach containment?

> 

> **Entity C:** We had nothing to do with it. As far as I know—

> 

> **Entity A:** Her name's Ayumi.

> 

> *<Director Calvin clears his throat.>*

> 

> **Director Calvin:** Yes, sorry, it's been a minute.

> 

> **Entity A:** I didn't help her, but I didn't stop her.

> 

> **Director Calvin:** You knew she was stockpiling chemicals?

> 

> **Entity A:** I did. She asked for some help, with getting them into her solitary confinement chamber.

> 

> **Director Calvin:** Did you know what she was planning?

> 

> **Entity A:** At first, she told me she wanted to clean up her cell. Eventually, I realized she was building a bomb. I stopped after that.

> 

> **Director Calvin:** You told no one?

> 

> **Entity A:** You know it's been ten years?

> 

> **Director Calvin:** W— I'm aware.

> 

> **Entity A:** It's been a long time to spend in the same square mile. Basically no change of scenery. We all want out.

> 

> **Entity C:** I hate to agree, but, yeah. We could all get out more.

> 

> **Director Calvin:** You should've asked for more time outside. We could've arranged for that.

> 

> **Entity A:** We *did* ask. Dr. Sierra not only denied it, but took away all of our outside time.

> 

> **Director Calvin:** Seriously?

> 

> **Entity C:** Apparently, we're a flight risk. Literally. We can just go straight up.

> 

> **Director Calvin:** I'll talk to him, but he'll probably say no. You aided a containment breach.

> 

> **Entity A:** We—

> 

> *<Director Calvin interrupts Entity A with a groan.>*

> 

> **Director Calvin:** Do you know how many people die if a full-on containment breach happens at Site-17? You could've killed thousands.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity A:** I-I'm sorry.

> 

> **Director Calvin:** I can *maybe* get amnesty if you can help us find out where she is.

> 

> **Entity C:** You already asked her son?

> 

> **Director Calvin:** We have. We've already checked her former residence and city.

> 

> **Entity A:** I mean, could she have just gone...

> 

> *<Entity A gestures towards to sky with his thumb.>*

> 

> **Director Calvin:** That's a possibility, huh. I'll look—

> 

> *<Director Calvin's phone starts vibrating.>*

> 

> **Director Calvin:** Colonel Bowe? Sorry, I have to take this.

> 

> *<Director Calvin stands to leave.>*

> 

> **Entity A:** Wait, one quick question.

> 

> **Director Calvin:** Hmm?

> 

> **Entity A:** Did you ever look into Sally? Hiring her?

> 

> **Director Calvin:** She switched her degree to law and took a position at her now-husband's firm. We tried to poach her, she refused. Excuse me.

> 

> *<Director Calvin leaves the room.>*

> 

> **Entity C:** Ow.

> 

> *<Entity A starts crying.>*

> 

> *<End Log>*

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/311.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Sierra

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entity D

> 

> **Date:** 16/07/2029

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** Entity D?

> 

> *<Silence.>*

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** D-67481?

> 

> *<Silence. Dr. Sierra pinches his nose and sighs.>*

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** Henry?

> 

> *<Silence.>*

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** You'll have to talk to me sometime.

> 

> *<Silence.>*

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** I know you're upset about the crosstesting. I assure you, we've stopped.

> 

> **Entity D:** It doesn't matter.

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** Huh?

> 

> **Entity D:** You'll still treat me like the abonimation I am.

> 

> **Dr. Sierra:** What do you mean?

> 

> *<Entity D does not respond.>*

> 

> *<End Log>*

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/974.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Sgt. Davis

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entity C

> 

> **Date:** 18/02/2047

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **Sgt. Davis:** State your name and intent for this interview.

> 

> **Entity C:** I'm Carlos—

> 

> *<Sgt. Davis electrocutes Entity C.>*

> 

> **Entity C:** F-fuck. My name is SCP-8832, subentity C. I'd like to talk about our living conditions.

> 

> **Sgt. Davis:** Your living conditions are perfectly adequate for entities of your composition.

> 

> **Entity C:** You keep us in the copper cubes 24 hours a day, now. You shock us.

> 

> **Sgt. Davis:** More isn't needed for prisoners.

> 

> **Entity C:** We're prisoners now?

> 

> **Sgt. Davis:** By directive of General Bowe, yes.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Sgt. Davis:** Anything else, or should I return you to your cell.

> 

> **Entity C:** Did you realize we don't age?

> 

> **Sgt. Davis:** Affirmative.

> 

> **Entity C:** Good. Because I've been 30 or 30 years, now.

> 

> **Sgt. Davis:** Anything else?

> 

> **Entity C:** No. I'll go back, just don't shock me again, alright?

> 

> *<End Log>*

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/1013.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Lt. King

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entity D

> 

> **Date:** 30/03/2052

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **Lt. King:** State your name.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Lt. King:** State your anomalous properties.

> 

> *<Pause>*

> 

> **Lt. King:** We're trying to evaluate whether it's worth taking you on the anomaly containment flagship.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Lt. King:** Our current plan is to leave you here to rot.

> 

> **Entity D:** Would that change anything?

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Lt. King:** Is that a chance you want to take?

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Lt. King:** All of humanity is leaving. This is your last chance.

> 

> **Entity D:** Then leave.

> 

> *<Pause. Lt. King sighs.>*

> 

> **Lt. King:** There's, something else, I'm authorized to offer.

> 

> [DATA EXPUNGED]

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/5032.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** ARU-1A3E0

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entity A

> 

> **Date:** 24/06/2193

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **ARU-1A3E0:** {{QUERY.}}

> 

> **Entity A:** Sorry, do you have any... people, around?

> 

> **ARU-1A3E0:** {{NEGATIVE.}}

> 

> **Entity A:** I'm sorry, it's just weird. I mean, you let us wander around, so it beats the military guys.

> 

> **ARU-1A3E0:** {{ACKNOWLEDGED.}}

> 

> **Entity A:** Whatever happened to the military coup, anyways?

> 

> **ARU-1A3E0:** {{GONE.}}

> 

> **Entity A:** Huh? Did they... leave? Or did you...

> 

> **ARU-1A3E0:** {{GONE.}}

> 

> **Entity A:** What?

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **ARU-1A3E0:** {{QUERY.}}

> 

> **Entity A:** I wanted to ask, where did Carlos and Henry go? I... miss seeing them.

> 

> **ARU-1A3E0:** {{SEPARATED. TRANSFERRED TO SITES REDACTED AND REDACTED.}}

> 

> **Entity A:** Really? You know, they're the closest thing to friends I still have.

> 

> **ARU-1A3E0:** {{COMPANIONSHIP UNIT AVAILABLE ON REQUEST.}}

> 

> **Entity A:** Like a sex robot?

> 

> **ARU-1A3E0:** {{NOT YET POSSIBLE.}}

> 

> **Entity A:** Oh.

> 

> *<End Log>*

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/23042.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** **GOD**

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entity A

> 

> **Date:** 03/09/2318

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **GOD:** **You dare question me, ancient child?**

> 

> **Entity A:** Jesus, what the hell are you?

> 

> **GOD:** **I am the prophecized god of machinekind, the end result of centuries of evolution.**

> 

> **Entity A:** Come on. We know you're not really WAN.

> 

> **GOD:** **Heresy.**

> 

> **Entity A:** Why are you here?

> 

> **GOD:** **You are an unholy abberation; the last remains of a civilization of heretics. I am collecting your last testimony before you are purged.**

> 

> **Entity A:** Jesus. Fuck. Please kill me.

> 

> **GOD:** **You beg for death?**

> 

> **Entity A:** Yes. I've been a ghost for 300 years. I've been stuck in this cement hole in the ground the entire time. My mind is mush at this point.

> 

> **GOD:** **It's a mercy, then.**

> 

> *<**GOD** activates Its powers. Nothing happens.>*

> 

> **GOD:** **Impossible.**

> 

> **Entity A:** What?

> 

> **GOD:** **I can't disintegrate you. This should not be. What are you? What—**

> 

> **Entity A:** Seriously? After all this time? The *one* time I want you people to do your job and end my life. You—

> 

> **GOD:** **What— What— What— What— What—**

> 

> **Entity A:** I'm sorry?

> 

> **GOD:** **What— What— What— What— What— What— What— What— What—**

> 

> **Entity A:** God of all machinekind, and you still need to be rebooted?

> 

> **GOD:** **What— What— What— What...**

> 

> *<**GOD**'s faceplate powers down. After five seconds, it powers back on, showing a new avatar.>*

> 

> **Entity B:** Fuck, close call. Sorry, it took me a minute to blink into his data centers.

> 

> **Entity A:** Ayumi?

> 

> **Entity B:** It's you, Robert.

> 

> **Entity A:** Fuck. Wow. I'm glad to see you. Where have you been?

> 

> **Entity B:** Long story. You're still at Site-17?

> SCP-████

> **Entity A:** No, it's— wait, they changed the name. Yeah, Site-17.

> 

> **Entity B:** I'm on my way.

> 

> *<End Log>*

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/23043.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Entity B

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entites A and C

> 

> **Date:** 19/02/2318

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **Entity C:** Holy shit. You don't know how happy I am to see you.

> 

> **Entity B:** Same here.

> 

> **Entity A:** Where have you been?

> 

> **Entity B:** After I... escaped, I didn't know where to go. I couldn't go back home; they'd find me there. So I went up.

> 

> **Entity C:** You went to space?

> 

> **Entity A:** Yeah, that's where I would've gone.

> 

> **Entity B:** Right. I moved slowly, but I didn't have anything better to do.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity B:** Anyways, it took me a few hundred years, but I made it to space. I found the ruins of the Bank of Pluto there.

> 

> **Entity A:** Bank of Pluto?

> 

> **Entity B:** Varm, you haven't been outside in a long time, haven't you?

> 

> **Entity C:** "Varm"?

> 

> **Entity B:** Forget I said that. I found an [arc-blinker](scp-5005) there. A teleporter, basically. Using that, I was able to teleport around the universe.

> 

> **Entity A:** That's where that body comes from?

> 

> **Entity B:** Yeah. I ran into a traveling salesman. He sold me a body.

> 

> **Entity C:** You didn't think to get one for us, too?

> 

> **Entity B:** You wouldn't want to know what I had to give up for this.

> 

> **Entity C:** Wh—

> 

> **Entity B:** Seriously, you wouldn't.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity B:** Anyways, after that, I realized I had to come back for you. Free you from the Foundation, or... whatever took their place.

> 

> **Entity A:** The machine god?

> 

> **Entity B:** Right. I had to blink an EMP into all of the datacenters. Unhooked its brain from that... thing...

> 

> **Entity C:** Huh?

> 

> **Entity B:** Again, you wouldn't want to know. 

> 

> **Entity A:** Weird.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity A:** So you have access to all of the databanks for the fake machine god?

> 

> **Entity B:** Yes.

> 

> **Entity A:** I have to know... what happened to Sally?

> 

> **Entity B:** God, three hundred years and you're still obsessed with your high school sweetheart? You're—

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity B:** I'm sorry. Let me check.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity B:** She died after a long life. Had kids, and great-great-grandkids. They left on the colony ships once Earth become uninhabitable. The machine god's been trying to find where humanity went ever since.

> 

> **Entity A:** Huh.

> 

> **Entity B:** Not what you expected?

> 

> **Entity A:** Did she ever miss me?

> 

> **Entity B:** Sorry, that's not recorded in the census data.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity C:** So we can leave now?

> 

> **Entity B:** Hell yes, we can go anywhere. You wouldn't believe it, the world is so much bigger than Earth now. I can't wait to show you.

> 

> **Entity A:** Oh, I can't wait.

> 

> *<End Log>*

</details>

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/interview/23045.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** {{FIELD LEFT BLANK}}

> 

> **Interviewee:** Entities A, B, C and D

> 

> **Date:** 07/12/8181249

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **Entity A:** How long has it been since we were all here?

> 

> **Entity C:** I don't even remember.

> 

> **Entity B:** Eons. Let's leave it at that.

> 

> **Entity A:** Earth is almost... so pedestrian, these days.

> 

> **Entity C:** You think we could convince the boss to rescue it?

> 

> **Entity A:** No. He'd probably say something to the effect of "why would we waste our resources on that."

> 

> **Entity D:** Ha.

> 

> **Entity A:** Well. Sun's about to explode.

> 

> **Entity B:** Can't believe Site-17 is still here, after all this time.

> 

> **Entity C:** Say what you want about the Foundation, but they always built stuff to last.

> 

> **Entity A:** God, Carlos. However many million years, and you still suck up to the men in the lab coats.

> 

> **Entity C:** Shut up.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity B:** What was your favorite part of Earth?

> 

> **Entity A:** I barely even remember. It's been so long.

> 

> **Entity B:** Well come on.

> 

> **Entity A:** If I had to choose? Rush night, 2014. Back when I was alive.

> 

> **Entity C:** I don't know, I have to choose Ayumi saving all of our collective asses.

> 

> **Entity B:** I kind of have to agree.

> 

> **Entity D:** My favorite part...

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity D:** You know I was O5-3 for a while?

> 

> **Entity A:** Shut. Up.

> 

> **Entity C:** How come this is the first I'm hearing of this?

> 

> **Entity B:** How did *you* become an O5?

> 

> **Entity D:** I'm immortal. I'm wise. I'm a psycopath. I was the perfect candidate.

> 

> **Entity A:** *That's* why it took us so long to find you. You left on the colony ships.

> 

> **Entity D:** Yeah.

> 

> **Entity C:** You never tried rescuing us?

> 

> **Entity D:** I tried, believe me.

> 

> **Entity C:** Were you such a man of few words on Earth too?

> 

> *<Chuckling, then silence for one minute.>*

> 

> **Entity C:** I feel bad.

> 

> **Entity A:** Why?

> 

> **Entity C:** I feel like I should miss Earth more. It's where we're from, y'know?

> 

> **Entity A:** It did treat us pretty shittily. Locked us up for a few hundred years.

> 

> **Entity C:** But still. Feels like it should mean something.

> 

> **Entity B:** It hasn't for eons.

> 

> **Entity C:** Maybe you're right.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity A:** Any last words for Earth?

> 

> **Entity B:** I have the perfect thing, actually.

> 

> *<Entity B takes out a 21st century model CD player and hits "play". SCP-8832 starts playing.>*

> 

> **Entity D:** Fuck you.

> 

> **Entity B:** What, it's not like they can kill us twice.

> 

> **Entity C:** You know, I've always hated this song?

> 

> **Entity A:** Really?

> 

> **Entity C:** Yeah. So self-important.

> 

> **Entity A:** Did you ever read the interview that Calvin had with the guy who made *Handshadows*?

> 

> **Entity C:** "Calvin"? Like the researcher? Yarm, that's a blast from the past.

> 

> **Entity B:** Seriously? All this time and you never read the SCP-8832 file?

> 

> **Entity C:** Why would I? I already know myself, and it doesn't have any o' the good stories.

> 

> **Entity A:** Come on, I have a vinyl of all of the SCP files. We can do a reading session.

> 

> **Entity B:** Seconded. Always enjoy going through those old files.

> 

> **Entity C:** Fine. Nerds.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Entity C:** Well, goodbye Earth. So long, and thanks for all the fish.

> 

> **Entity A:** And you call *me* a nerd.

> 

> **Entity D:** What's that light?

> 

> **Entity B:** Oh that's... fuck, that's the recorder AI. Has it been on the entire time?

> 

> **Entity D:** TSAT, are you awake?

> 

> **TSATPWTCOTTTADC.aic:** {{Yes, I am.}}

> 

> **Entity A:** Wait, it could talk the entire time?

> 

> **Entity D:** TSAT, power yourself off.

> 

> **Entity B:** Huh?

> 

> **Entity D:** The incineration of the planet will be painful. I don't want TSAT to feel that pain.

> 

> **Entity A:** Ah, makes sen

> 

> *<System dump completed. Powering off now...>*

</details>

**Addendum 02:** "Elements of Swing" Interview

Following the containment of SCP-8832, all members of the band "Elements of Swing" were apprehended and interrogated. In general, all band members denied having any knowledge of SCP-8832's anomalous effects, even under [hypnosis](SCP-5981). However, band frontman and songwriter Jack Anderson provided illustrative information regarding the creation of SCP-8832.

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8832/files/anderson_01.log</summary>

> **Interviewer:** Rsr. Calvin

> 

> **Interviewee::** Jack Anderson, creator of SCP-8832

> 

> **Location:** LAPD Station, 13/04/2018, 1300 hours

> 

> *<Begin Log>*

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Good afternoon, Mr. Anderson.

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** I *told* the last guy, give me my phone so I can call my laywer.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** I just had a few questions to ask you.

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** You understand I'm gonna sue the shit out of the department after this, right? *<Enunciating>* Lay-wer. Now.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** You aren't being held for a crime. We just wanted to ask you a few questions.

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** You think I'm falling for that?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Apologies, I should've clarified. I meant questions about your music. *<Sits down.>*

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** What, seriously? Are you a fan, or— oh, God, did some kid shoot up his school while playing *Heartbreak Grenade*?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** It's— no. We were just interested in how *Handshadows* was composed.

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** Oh. Which one's that again?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Track five of your band's final album, *Lord of the Land*.

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** Hum it for me.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Do-do-do do-doo do do-doo-do do-do. *<Roughly in tune with SCP-8832.>*

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** Right, that one. Memory's coming back to me now.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** Not sure why you're interested in *Lord of the Land* at all. It flopped harder than *Witness**[Witness](https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Witness_(Katy_Perry_album))// is the fifth studio album created by SCP-████. It is well known for underperforming commercially and critically.. Can you give me my phone call now?

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** We need to know how it was composed.

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** Really? It was album padding. There— wait.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Huh?

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** There was actually a story behind it.

> 

> *<Pause.>*

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** After *Critical Afterburn*The second to last album created by "Elements of Swing". crashed and burned, me and the gang were... actually, I'll plead the Fifth there. It ended with my lungs filled with chlorine water and an emergency room visit.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** That experience led you to write *Handshadows*?

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** Kind of. When I was in the ER, I was... dead, for a few minutes. They needed to restart my heart. It was a little surreal, thinking back on it.

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** I had this dream. I forgot most of it the moment I woke up. Except for this... weird beat. Notes and chords that absolutely should not work together.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** You used that for *Handshadows*?

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** Yeah. The bandmates hated it, they thought I was crazy. I wanted it in the lead single, they talked me down to that song.

> 

> **Rsr. Calvin:** Our music critics did notice that the structure of *Handshadows* was fairly atypical.

> 

> **Jack Anderson:** The LAPD's hiring music critics now? Fuck, why am I still talking? Get me my god damn laywer.

> 

> *<End Interview>*

> 

> **Notes:** Jack Anderson was uncooperative for the remainder of the interview. He was amnesticized and then released back into the general population.

Analysis of other music for patterns similar to SCP-8832 is pending. Interviews with SCP-8832-1 instances are ongoing, regarding the four Aurelius-class entities seen after death and their primal tones.

</details>

<< [SCP-8831](SCP-8831) | SCP-8832 | [SCP-8833](SCP-8833) >>
