.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

Descriptions of gore and torture

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains a content warning

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8757 is currently held in a standard humanoid containment cell at Site-17. The chamber is to be fitted with one Scranton Reality Anchor which is to be constantly active. SCP-8757’s chamber is to be constantly monitored and changes in its behavior are to be noted. The only amenity in SCP-8757’s chamber is to be fitted with is a standard bed. In the event that SCP-8757 needs to be moved or parts of its containment chamber needs to be refurbished, an incapacitating agent is to be put in through the ventilation of the chamber to render SCP-8757 unconscious. While moving the subject, a Class III Humanoid Restriction Harness is to be attached to it and multiple armed personnel are to move with SCP-8757 to prevent any escape attempts and to neutralize any threat if necessary. 

In the event of a breach, all personnel on the site are to be notified and armed units are to locate and neutralize SCP-8757. In the event SCP-8757 goes off-site, SCP-8757's arm is embedded with a tracking chip. If SCP-8757 manages to kill civilians while off-site their deaths are to be framed as average murders. After SCP-8757’s threat is neutralized its body is to be moved back into its containment cell.

**Description:** SCP-8757 is a male humanoid with low level reality bending capabilities. SCP-8757 has an innate hostility to human beings, with it utilizing its abilities in order to maximize suffering on its victims, typically by keeping them alive after inflicting fatal injuries. 

SCP-8757 stands at 1.8 meters and its skin is a deep red, giving it the look of being “skinned”. SCP-8757’s appearance includes of:

* A black trenchcoat

* Damaged brown pants

* A white mask that’s halfway broken, concealing SCP-8757’s eyes and top of its face but exposing mouth and lower half. This mask has multiple occult symbols on it. SCP-8757 seems to still be able to see even if its apparel suggests otherwise 

* A damaged chest showing an exposed ribcage protruding out

* Full black teeth

* The front half of its left foot missing

* Long black hair coming from its head

SCP-8757 seems to understand human mannerisms and emotions but does not speak. The only vocalizations that SCP-8757 has been reported doing is a variety of laughs and chuckles. SCP-XXXX mostly communicates through hand motions and different gestures, and conveys a joyful personality from these motions.

SCP-8757 uses its reality bending to manifest different objects in its hand. SCP-8757 will demanifest an object when it deems it no longer has a use for it. Objects manifested by SCP-8757 include but are not limited to:

* A fire axe

* A chainsaw

* A kitchen knife

* A can filled with nails

* A hacksaw

* A metal pipe

SCP-8757 has been shown to be able to demanifest and manifest itself short distances, effectively functioning as it teleporting. The farthest distance SCP-8757 has been shown to manifest from was about 15 meters from its original location. 

SCP-8757 is as durable as a regular human, however when it is “killed” it will regenerate itself in a process that takes up to one hour to three days depending on how severe the injuries are. In this regenerating process its apparel will also regenerate. Its apparel will regenerate to the exact description describing its appearance, not regenerating the damaged parts of it. 

**Recovery:** The first recorded case of SCP-8757 becoming active was in the 15th of September, 2005, in which a killing of its got reported in Nevada City, California. SCP-8757 continued killing in the area for upwards of two years being presumed to be a standard serial killer, before security camera footage caught it manifesting in the room of an unsuspecting civilian before the civilian managed to fend it off and kill it with a kitchen knife. Upon the security footage being shown to the police the Foundation immediately got wind of it. SCP-8757’s body was taken to nearby Site-05 for examination and the civilian and everyone else who saw the security camera footage got treated with Class B Amnestics.

While being examined in Site-05, SCP-8757’s body had fully regenerated and it went on to kill four of the six researchers in the room it was in. The proper personnel were called and SCP-8757 was shot until unresponsive. Afterwards, SCP-8757’s body was moved to Site-17 for proper examination and containment.

**Relevant news articles:**

<details>
<summary>+ Show</summary>

(Below are a variety of excerpts from different news articles that are presumed to either be talking about or are related to SCP-8757)

| Date | Title | Excerpt |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 15/09/2005 | “Brutal killing at Rockpath Motel” | “At 9:21 AM, at the Rockpath Motel, its room service reported a heavily brutalized body in one of their rooms. This body was found with multiple of its fingers dismembered and its head split open with a sharp object, most likely an axe. The victim has not been identified yet and the police are working tirelessly to find the person who did this.” |
| 06/11/2005 | “Husband and wife found dead in a tragic break in” | “On the 6th of November, Kyle Billings and Bryken Billings were found dead in their own home in what seems to be a break in. Both husband and wife were found dead in their own bedroom. Both of their arms and legs were dismembered from their parties and stuffed in a gaping wound that was cut into Kyle. Their window was broken open; however no possessions of theirs seem to have been taken. Police are actively investigating the case and people in the neighborhood should be advised to take watch and be on high alert.” |
| 21/02/2006 | “Local homeless found dismembered” | “In the main highway multiple drivers reported unknown objects on the road, on closer inspection they realized it was the dismembered body parts of multiple different humans. Bystanders recognized them as some of the homeless people around the town. How these bodies got here and who dismembered them remains a mystery, and people are starting to wonder if they’re related with some of the recent murders in the area.” |
| 14/03/2006 | “The Masked Menace on the loose” | “A mother, Sandra McWillson, was found dead in her home with her son, Andrew McWillson, being the witness as he came home from college. Andrew reported seeing ‘a man in a trenchcoat with long hair and a white mask’ actively attack his mom with a large fireaxe, when spotted he apparently ran through the house and ‘disappeared’, leaving no trace as he went out of view. Based on the nature of this killing this is most likely the same man who has done the previous killings in this town, we have decided to name him ‘The Masked Menace’ for later articles and put a name to this monster.” |
| 10/05/2006 | “News studio attacked!” | “Three days ago our very own news studio was attacked presumably by a masked menace. In the morning we found that colleagues were dismembered and maimed. Which being Susie Marlay, Oliver Anderson, and Lindsie Jennkins. All of their bodies were found crudely dismembered in the break room. While in the break room the door was blocked off, and a variety of sounds, mainly a chainsaw was heard through the doors. When we finally came in we saw their bodies heavily damaged and no sign of the person, which was most likely The Masked Menace, behind it. We at Two Road Studios will make a promise to still report these crimes and help the police find this man.” |
| 19/08/2006 | “The Masked Menace strikes at a gas station” | “Yesterday night, the local Beavers’ Gas Station was attacked. More than 7 people were in the gas station at the time, all found dead. Looking at the outside it seems as if the wires connecting the security cameras were cut. The most curious part of this case is that all the bodies looked like they were killed in different ways, three of them seemed to be killed with a sharp object, one with a blunt object, and 2 of the bodies were burnt. This grand display seems to be another one of The Masked Menace, and he seems to not ever stop with his crimes. As with the last cases, no unknown DNA was found at the scene. Will these murders ever stop? Only time will tell." |
</details>

**Addendum.8757.1:** Containment breach:

> On 09/04/2020, a site wide power outage occurred, which in turn had the breaching of multiple anomalies, including SCP-8757. The transcript below is describing the events scene on the cameras after they turned back on.

>

> [Start footage]

>

> *(SCP-8757 is shown to be actively stabbing Researcher Ellis with a broken piece of glass. Researcher Adam has his legs cut off and is leaned against the wall watching the transgression, with a radio in his hand.)*

> 

> **Researcher Adams:** (Gurgled) Send… the security.. team

> 

> *(SCP-8757 turns around with a sad expression, then quickly manifests a fire axe and throws it at Researcher Adams’ head, killing him, before laughing at the body.)*

> 

> *(SCP-8757 strolls out of the room after taking Researcher Adams’ keycard. SCP-8757 has a metal pipe in hand. SCP-8757 spots an escaped Class-D Personnel down the hall and manifests behind him, quickly hitting him with the metal pipe, killing him.)*

> 

> *(Researcher Mary, unaware of the breach, is walking down the hall, and spots the body of Class-D.)*

> 

> **Researcher Mary:** Hey, you shouldn’t be her-

> 

> *(Researcher Mary notices the blunt damage on the Class-D.)*

> 

> **Researcher Mary:** (Shocked) Oh- oh god

> 

> *(Researcher Mary runs down the hall panicked, then bumps into SCP-8757 who manifested in front of her, it starts waving at her)*

> 

> *(Researcher Mary elbows SCP-8757 causing it to stagger. She then runs into the main containment office finding Researcher Ellis’ and Researcher Adams’ body, she screams and runs out.)*

> 

> *(SCP-8757 manifests a few meters in front of her and throws a kitchen knife, Researcher Mary evades the attempt.)*

> 

> *(SCP-8757 finds Officer Kindsley and yells for her attention)*

> 

> **Researcher Mary:** (Shouting) Hey! Hey! Help! We have a breach!

> 

> *(Officer Kindsley turns but SCP-8757 manifests behind him, dumping multiple rusty nails on the floor, SCP-8757 then teleports in front of him and pushes him on the nails, having him be impaled by many of them.)*

> 

> *(Officer Kindsley is writhing in pain and SCP-8757 starts to repeatedly stomp on his face, with Researcher Mary shown to be watching.)*

> 

> *(SCP-8757 starts laughing after it manages to kill Officer Kindsley and turns its attention back to Researcher Mary, she is shown to be running away.)*

> 

> *(SCP-8757 manifests away from Researcher Mary then after a few seconds manifests back in her view, it throws the head of Researcher Adam to her face.)*

>

> *(Researcher Mary freezes and she starts hyperventilating, SCP-8757 starts slowly walking up to her and manifests a hacksaw in its hand.)*

> 

> *(As SCP-8757 is about to grab Researcher Mary the main security force comes in.)*

> 

> **Captain Bellhead:** (Shouting) Stop! Right now!

> 

> *(SCP-8757 stops and turns around slowly, demanifesting its weapon and turning around in a surrendering motion.)*

> 

> **Officer Daniel:** What’s the procedure here?

> 

> **Captain Bellhead:** For this guy? Just shoot the damn thing!

>

> *(The security team fires their weapons at SCP-8757 causing it to fall on the ground, immobilized.)*

> 

> *(Researcher Mary is found passed out on the ground.)*

> 

> [End Footage]

**Addendum.8757.2:** Email exchanges

Below are the email exchanges between Researcher Mary and Site Director Mathew regarding SCP-8757. Enter the correct credentials before viewing the exchange.

---

<details>
<summary>Enter credentials</summary>

**To:** Mathew Numen

**From:** Mary Chandler

**Subject:** Termination of SCP-8757.

---

Hello Mr. Numen. I would like to request the possible termination of SCP-8757. The recent breach has proved to me and most likely the other members of staff that this is an anomaly not worth our resources to keep this thing alive and actively protect it. We as the Foundation keep these anomalies alive to research them and learn more, but we simply cannot learn anything from this anomaly. It's an anomaly that doesn't speak, an anomaly that causes harm to the staff here, an anomaly that we have deemed only does one thing, find the worst way possible to kill people. I do not feel comfortable working in an environment where there's a constant ticking time bomb on the site, waiting for the opportunity to target our colleagues and torture them to death with no gain on our part. I hope you can see where I'm coming from as I'm someone who works closely with the anomalies at this site, nothing here is as detrimental to keep alive as SCP-8757.

- Mary Chandler

@@ @@

**To:** Mary Chandler

**From:** Mathew Numen

**Subject:** Re:Termination of SCP-8757.

---

Apologies for the late response Mary, but we have read over your request, and we unfortunately have to deny it. Please understand that we as the Foundation do not kill our anomalies without good reason. SCP-8757 is not a big enough threat for us to consider termination. Have a good day.

- Mathew Numen

**To:** Mathew Numen

**From:** Mary Chandler

**Subject:** Re:Termination of SCP-8757.

---

Mathew I don't think you understand. This thing does nothing but kill, you've read the logs and so have I. The only thing we did learn from it is the different ways we've seen it kill people. Does that sound like useful information to you? I've seen the maimed and bloodied corpses of Adams and Ellis with my own eyes, and you weren't even on site at the time of the breach. You have no idea what I have seen firsthand, you have experienced none of it. To say that you don't have a good reason to kill this thing is ludicrous, all we're doing is giving a perpetual killing machine protection so it can eventually kill more when it gets out. Please listen to me, we have no reason to let it live.

- Mary Chandler

@@ @@

**To:** Mary Chandler

**From:** Mathew Numen

**Subject:** Re:Termination of SCP-8757.

---

To put it simply Mary, the resources we would need to gather to permanently kill SCP-8757 is too much to put in for an anomaly that is simply just not big enough of a threat for us to consider spending time an effort to get rid of it. We have anomalies here that are even more unstable than SCP-8757. We have [an unstable manchild](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4263 ) trapped inside another reality bender's body, [a kid](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4051 ) who can erase anything in the the site just by summoning the opposite of it, [a shapeshifting woman](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-953 ) that has mind control and can easily kill a number of armed men, all of these anomalies have more actual reasons to terminate them compared to SCP-8757, an anomaly as durable as a man that can summon basic weaponry. I am sorry about what you went through but this does not excuse this type of behavior with a higher up. If this behavior continues I will need to write up a referral on you and I think you and I don't want that.

- Mathew Numen.

**To:** Mathew Numen

**From:** Mary Chandler

**Subject:** Re:Termination of SCP-8757.

---

I don't think that will be necessary.

*End of emails.*

---

</details>

**Addendum.8757.3:** Researcher Mary’s resignation letter

<details>
<summary>+ Show</summary>

> I’ve always had a thought in the back of my mind, are we truly doing the right thing? The whole incident with SCP-8757 has proved to me, no, we are not. We cannot let this thing live and when I begged the higher ups to find a way to permanently kill this thing, they did not listen. We are letting an active threat, something that's barely even human, being able to walk this earth the same way you and I do. You’ve read its logs, you’ve seen the atrocious things it’s done to people. You’ve seen what it did to Adams and Ellis. This thing does not have the right to live, and we as the foundation need to accept that. If it were another normal serial killer it would be put to death, are we giving this thing the right to live just because it’s anomalous? Are we going to give it active protection just because of it? We can’t even learn anything from it because it doesn’t talk, we know the only thing it does and the only thing it likes doing is to kill, and it will kill, again and again. Letting SCP-8757 alive is being subservient in the atrocities it has done. It will get out again, and it will torture the people we work with again. 

> No amount of security precautions will bring back the lives lost, and the lives that will be lost. Something needs to be done, my life would actively be threatened every single day we would research this thing, and I’m not letting myself be another number on an incident log. Goodbye

>

> - Mary Chandler

</details>
