=====

=====

 :root {

     --accentColor: hsl(225, 65%, 65%);

     --accentColorLite: hsla(225, 80%, 70%, 0.5);

     --hue: 225deg;

}

| SCP-8408 | = **The Cuckoo's Egg** |
| --- | --- |
| = **>> [MontagueETC's Author Page](MontagueETC) <<** |
| Published on %%created_at|%d %b %Y%% |
 by [MontagueETC](MontagueETC) 

 2 

---

# **SCP-8408**

[SCP Series 9](SCP Series 9) >> SCP-8408

---

**Item №:** SCP-8408

**Object Class:** Concealed

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8408 is to be covered with a standard-issue cotton bedsheet at all times. The sheet is to be washed once per month. Removing it for any other purpose is strictly prohibited.

**Description:**

### Incident 8408.1

### Attempted Containment Breach

---

*[Dr. Melissa Sharrow is washing dishes. The setting sun is visible through the window, casting the room in half-shadow. SCP-8408 enters.]*

**SCP-8408:** Can I sit at the table?

**Dr. Sharrow:** You may.

*[SCP-8408 sits. It is able to remain still for several minutes, but then begins to fidget. It slowly starts tugging at its sheet.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** SCP-8408.

*[Dr. Sharrow shuts off the faucet but does not turn her head.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** Are you trying to take off your sheet again?

**SCP-8408:** *Nuh-uh.*

**Dr. Sharrow:** Don't lie to me.

**SCP-8408:** But I'm not!

*[Dr. Sharrow's knuckles whiten around the edge of a plate.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** Do you intend to break your promise, 8408?

*[Silence.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** Well? Do you?

**SCP-8408:** ...No. I'm sorry.

*[Dr. Sharrow twists the faucet and resumes dishwashing.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** Don't be sorry. Just be better.

### Incident 8408.2

### Attempted Containment Breach

---

*[Dr. Sharrow is reading in the living room. SCP-8408 enters.]*

**SCP-8408:** 'Scuse me, M-- Um. Dr. Sharrow.

*[Dr. Sharrow's mouth twists with irritation.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** Yes, SCP-8408?

**SCP-8408:** Can I take off my sheet? I don't feel so good.

*[Dr. Sharrow sighs.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** I'm not going to have this conversation with you again. No.

**SCP-8408:** But~~ But I really am sick! My skin feels like it doesn't fit me anymore and two of my *teeth* fell out and I think I'm starting to taste *colors*~~

*[Dr. Sharrow snaps her book closed and SCP-8408 flinches.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** If you're going to stay here, I don't want to have to look at you. You owe me that much.

**SCP-8408:** I'm-- I'm sorry about what happened. I didn't mean to do it. I didn't know.

*[Dr. Sharrow stands.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** Get out of my sight.

*[SCP-8408 exits.]*

### Incident 8408.3

### [DESIGNATION PENDING]

---

*[SCP-8408 is lying on the floor, still covered by its sheet. Entering, Dr. Sharrow nearly trips over SCP-8408 and stifles a curse.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** What are you doing on the ground, 8408? Get up.

*[No response.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** 8408.

*[No response.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** SCP-8408, listen to me when I'm talking to you.

*[No response.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** 8408!

*[No response.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** ...8408?

*[No response. Dr. Sharrow nudges SCP-8408 with her foot.]*

**Dr. Sharrow:** Thomas?

*[No response. Dr. Sharrow gingerly removes the sheet. Only pale feathers and sundered skin remain. All else has fled.]*

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

<< [SCP-8407](SCP-8407) | SCP-8408 | [SCP-8409](SCP-8409) >>

=====

> **Filename:** egg.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Derivative of:**

> ----

> **Name:** Ghost

> **Author:** [ Monik Markus](https://www.flickr.com/people/42954113@N00/ )

> **License:** CC BY 2.0 Deed

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/42954113@N00/6081169945/)

=====
