.page {

display: block;

overflow: hidden;

font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

font-style: normal;

background-attachment: scroll;

background-clip: border-box;

background-color: transparent;

background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

background-origin: padding-box;

background-position: 0px 8px;

background-repeat: repeat;

background-size: 100% 20px;

border: 1px solid #CCC;

border-radius: 10px;

padding: 10px 10px;

margin-bottom: 10px;

box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8631 is to be stored in a low-risk containment locker when not in its active state. No effective means of containing SCP-8631 in its active state is known, but it has not been observed leaving Site-102 since its initial containment. Anomalous gifts given by SCP-8631 are to be documented and placed in storage. Non-anomalous gifts may be accepted by staff.

**Description:** SCP-8631 is a carved pumpkin containing an unidentified light source. It has not shown any signs of aging or rot since its initial containment and becomes intangible in response to physical damage. On October 31stAccording to UTC. It is unclear whether this is absolute or based on local time. each year, SCP-8631 will enter its active state for a period of 24 hours. During this time, it will manifest a humanoid body with the pumpkin as its head and animate. In its active state, SCP-8631 is capable of turning intangible at will and will offer gifts to nearby humans, currently consisting exclusively of Site-102 staff, and occasionally animals. These gifts often have minor anomalous properties.

<details>
<summary>+ Examples of gifts given by SCP-8631 </summary>

Recipient

Item

Notes

Researcher Brooks

A small metal statue of a man checking his watch. When the watch is touched, the statue announces the current time and date despite having no apparent power source or speaker.

-

Cyrus Johnson, security guard

A first-aid kit whose supplies replenish themselves when the lid is closed.

Research into duplicating the object's properties has been proposed.

N/A

SCP-8631 was observed attaching a birdhouse to a tree in Site-102's garden. When questioned, it claimed the item was for a family of birds whose nest had fallen from a nearby cliff. Subsequent investigation showed the birdhouse was several times larger on the inside and a pair of *Hydrobates pelagicus*European storm petrel had taken up residence.

The pair were successfully moved to a non-anomalous nesting tube before the object was placed in storage.

Technician O'SullivanRecently diagnosed with diabetes.

A wooden sculpture of a *Bombus terrestris*Buff-tailed bumblebee., with the name "Honey the Helper Bee" written on the left wing. When placed on bare skin, this text will change to display the subject's current blood sugar level despite not drawing any blood.

Kept in Site-102's medical wing for emergency use.

Doctor Harrison

A wooden sculpture of a *Mustela furo*Domestic ferret. wearing a collar bearing the name "Fergus". When an object is dropped in its vicinity, the sculpture will animate and attempt to retrieve it. It can shrink in width to fit in small spaces, growing in length to compensate.

Despite being animate, the sculpture does not display sentience, being unable to learn new information or adapt to new situations.When questioned about this, SCP-8631 claimed that "creating actual life is well beyond [it]" and "it's more analogous to one of those newfangled robots".

Researcher MillerDiagnosed with dyscalculia. 

A stone sculpture of a *Vipera bera*. When verbally given a mathematical equation, it will reply with the answer. If given an impossible question, such as "1 divided by 0", it will instead play dead.

Miller has since been provided a non-anomalous program that functions as a verbal calculator.

</details>

Little is known about SCP-8631's personal history, besides that it responds to the name "Jack" and was active in the town of Dingle, County Kerry, for several years before it was moved to the nearby Site-102. Anomalous gifts had been removed from the town, with residents amnectized into believing the remainder had been given by friends or relatives. SCP-8631 becomes defensive when questioned about its past, claiming it is "irrelevant".

**Addendum:**

In response to repeated questioning about its motives, SCP-8631 provided the following letter, stating that it was "as personal as [it is] willing to get".

Dear Jack,

@@ @@

I will not claim to know whether you are truly repentant or merely wish to escape your current situation. But if you are truly sorry, it would simply be cruel not to give you an opportunity to redeem yourself.

@@ @@

While fully resurrecting the dead is beyond my station, I can arrange to have you return for one day a year. You are to use this time to give back to the world you have stolen from. For the rest of the year, I have arranged access to a workshop you may use to make what you will give back. Please write back at your earliest convenience if you accept this arrangement.

@@ @@

I hope you have truly learned not to be so stingy.

@@ @@

Peter

<< [SCP-8630](SCP-8630) | SCP-8631 | [SCP-8632](SCP-8632) >>
