# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 4/8024 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 4/8024 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-8024

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Operatives of Mobile Task Force Epsilon-9 ("Fire Eaters") are to be stationed at Containment Area-8024. Mount Etna is to remain under constant surveillance for volcanic activity. Kant counters are to be used alongside standard monitoring equipment. Heat protective suits lined with starlite are to be worn within 2.5 m of SCP-8024. Disinformation regarding Mt. Etna is to be disseminated to the public when necessary.

Personnel are not to interfere with SCP-8024-2 while it is subduing SCP-8024-1. However, in the event SCP-8024-2 does not manifest during a high state of activity, a thermonuclear device is to be dispensed into SCP-8024 until SCP-8024-1 ceases activity. The 4 Scranton Reality Anchors on-site are to be set at maximum output between each detonation.

If the manifestation of SCP-8024-1 into baseline reality is eminent, site personnel must evacuate immediately. Its location is to be targeted by the High-Energy Concentration Orbital Railgun (HECOR). Furthermore, Mobile Task Force Omega-12 ("Achilles' Heels") is to intercept and attempt to neutralize the threat if HECOR is ineffective. Further nuclear bombardment may be utilized at the discretion of the O5 Council.

**Description:** SCP-8024 is an interdimensional anomaly located within Mount Etna of Sicily, Italy. It is housed inside a cavernous area accessible by a single entrance at the base of the volcano. However, said entrance can only be perceived and interacted with by [philosophical contemplation](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4500) in regards to its existence. Once performed the entrance will remain visible to the subject indefinitely.

The cavern overlooks SCP-8024 which is situated among lava. Evidence of prior habitation are also present such as an anvil, artisian tools, and multiple straw beds. Large broken pieces of chain were also recovered that are constructed from berrylium bronze. Furthermore, columns of Greek architectural design support the ceiling. The cavern has been designated Containment Area-8024 to house containment staff and equipment.

SCP-8024 is believed to lead to another plane of reality; however, efforts to explore it have been unsuccessful. Drones and communication equipment immediately become disconnected upon entering. Objects cannot be recovered from SCP-8024 once it is fully entered. An entity is believed to reside within the anomaly which has been designated SCP-8024-1. It has not been directly observed, but roaring can be audible during active states.

SCP-8024 along with its surrounding will periodically become unstable. Kant counters have detected large spikes in Hume readings, and it is accompanied by an increase in volcanic activity. A stream of fire will also expel out of SCP-8024. During each of these occurrences SCP-8024-2 will manifest.

SCP-8024-2 is a reality-bending entity with the appearance of a Mediterranean male in their 50s. It possesses white hair with a lengthy beard, and an estimated height of around 2.1 m. The extent of its capabilities is unknown. -2 occasionally manifests at Containment Area-8024 during states of high activity. It will proceed to generate an arc of electricity within its hands, and repeately hurl a bolt into SCP-8024 until activity from -1 ceases.

Attempts to contain -2 has been unsuccessful as it will immediately teleport away from the site or kill personnel who approach it. However, due to its perceived contribution towards the containment of -1, securing -2 has been deemed a low priority at this time.

SCP-8024 was discovered as a result of an investigation into the mythology associated with Mt. Etna. Its near constant volcanic activity had aroused suspicion of a legitimate threat present in the area. The use of ground penetrating radar detected the cavern where SCP-8024 was located. In addition, Kant counters further supported the existence of an anomaly with unusual Hume readings. The entrance to the cavern was eventually discovered after agents of Mobile Task Force Pi-31 ("Platonic Solids") swept through the area.

**Addendum 01:** The following was written on papyrus scrolls that were found within Containment Area-8024. They have been translated from Greek.

> Be on your guard. [Iota Alpha Omega has escaped from Tartarus-Alpha](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2846). He may seek to unleash Omega Omega Omega from Tartarus-Beta. Scholars Calypso and Poseidon will return him to his constraints.

> As requested we have salvaged the material needed for Hephaestus. May the chains he will forge out of the flames of Tartarus hold the prisoner. Builder Daedalus sends his regards.

> The scholars are no more. You may leave your posts. The gods do not need us mortals in their way. The prisoner will always be their greatest fear. They will never permit his escape.

**Addendum 02:** According to Greek mythology, Mt. Etna allegedly contains an entity known as Typhon. The following description is provided in Hesiod's *Theogony*.

> Strength was with his hands in all that he did and the feet of the strong god were untiring. From his shoulders grew a hundred heads of a snake, a fearful dragon, with dark, flickering tongues, and from under the brows of his eyes in his marvelous heads flashed fire, and fire burned from his heads as he glared. And there were voices in all his dreadful heads which uttered every kind of sound unspeakable; for at one time they made sounds such that the gods understood, but at another, the noise of a bull bellowing aloud in proud ungovernable fury; and at another, the sound of a lion, relentless of heart; and at another, sounds like whelps, wonderful to hear; and again, at another, he would hiss, so that the high mountains re-echoed.

[SCP-4453](SCP-4453), an entity claiming to be the Greek goddess Hera, was questioned about SCP-8024-1 to potentially acquire information. The following is the transcript.

> **Interviewed:** SCP-4453

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Helen Bianchi

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Bianchi:** I'm glad your blog is still doing well, Hera. Anyway, do you mind if we ask you about someone you might know?

> 

> **SCP-4453:** About who?

> 

> **Dr. Bianchi:** What can you tell us about Typhon.

> 

> *SCP-4453 appears visibly distressed. The lights in the chamber begin flicking*

> 

> **SCP-4453:** What about Typhon? He isn't free is he?

> 

> **Dr. Bianchi:** No, I just want to ask you some questions about him. That's all. Are you alright, Hera?

> 

> *Lights stop flickering as SCP-4453 takes a deep breath.*

> 

> **SCP-4453:** I'm fine, Helen. It's been eons since I last heard of Typhon. Why do you want to know about him?

> 

> **Dr. Bianchi:** We just want to know about him from you instead of the myths. You did say the myths don't always get everything right.

> 

> **SCP-4453:** Very well. Ask your questions.

> 

> **Dr. Bianchi:** So what is he?

> 

> **SCP-4453:** A monster. A terrible monster of some [terrible place where others like him dwell](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-maker-and-the-beast). He lives only to devour prey. You've probably heard of him as the father of monsters. He has sired many.

> 

> **Dr. Bianchi:** Did your husband fight him like in the myths?

> 

> **SCP-4453:** Of course. One day he just showed up to devour us. My husband fought him with all his strength while everyone else fled. It was a barbarious fight. Eventually he was able to cast him into Tartarus, but it was not enough. Somehow Typhon managed to tear a way back to us.

> 

> **Dr. Bianchi:** Mount Etna.

> 

> **SCP-4453:** Correct. My son Hephaestus helped his father forged chains to bind Typhon. They keep him from escaping, but he will occasionally stir in his prison. We tried to close that opening he made but we have failed. 

> 

> **Dr. Bianchi:** What will happen if he escapes? Will your husband stop him?

> 

> **SCP-4453:** Then we all die. I doubt my husband will win a second time.

> 

> **<End Log>**

**Addendum 03:** An investigation into past eruptions of Mt. Etna was conducted. The following account concerns a 1766 eruption from the journal of an unidentified individual living in the nearby city of Catania.

> The mountain has roared as if a dragon rests within. Some of the villagers have disappeared. A local mad man screams of [monsters](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-870) gathering at the mountain, yet I have seen none. I know not of what is happening except danger looms. We can see fire and lightning at the peak as the earth trembles with every roar. There is a haunting presence everytime I gaze at the mountain. It is as if the flames beckon me. The others felt the same.

No additional anomalous effects described in the entry have been noted, but containment staff have been instructed to report any unusual activity to the project supervisor.

**Addendum 04:** The following is the transcript for Incident 8024. As of writing, it is the only occurrence of SCP-8024-1 potentially breaching containment observed by the Foundation.

 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **[00:00]** The borders of SCP-8024 begins to fluctuate. Hume levels steadily increase.

> 

> **[00:13]** Several roars from SCP-8024-1 become audible, which cause the cavern to tremble. Personnel enter positions to execute special containment procedures, but they are on standby for the arrival of SCP-8024-2.

> 

> **[00:45]** SCP-8024-2 manifests and proceeds to hurl bolts of lightning into SCP-8024. Additional roars are audible with another tremor. Hume levels continue to increase slowly.

> 

> **[04:57]** The entity stops as fire spews out of SCP-8024. Surrounding temperature being emitted by it is measured at around 700 °C, but SCP-8024-2 exhibits no reaction to the heat despite being in close proximity. Hume levels continue to rise. Site personnel transmit an emergency warning regarding current circumstances.

> 

> **[05:01]** SCP-8024-2 manifests a large sickle while overlooking a plume of ash rising out of the mountain. Volcanic activity increases throughout Mt. Etna.

> 

> **[05:08]** SCP-8024-2 proceeds to leap into SCP-8024 followed by a loud roar. Emergency warning is received with MTF Omega-12 preparing for mobilization. The O5 Council begins to closely monitor the situation from Site-01.

> 

> **[05:22]** Loud banging can be heard echoing throughout the cavern emanating from SCP-8024. Bolts of electricity occasionally spew out along with flames. Personnel proceed to set up delivery of the thermonuclear payload.

> 

> **[05:47]** Hume levels stop increasing but do not decline.

> 

> **[06:18]** The first thermonuclear device is prepared for launch into SCP-8024. However, equipment detects a static electrical field emanating from the anomaly. Further banging accompanied by roars are also heard. Scranton Reality Anchors are operating at low capacity to ensure delivery of the payload through SCP-8024.

> 

> **[06:26]** Numerous distinct roars and shrieks can be heard accompanied by a sudden spike in Hume readings. However, the Scranton Reality Anchors were able to stabilize it. Status update is transmitted to all nearby Foundation facilities. 

> 

> **[06:32]** Thermonuclear device is deployed into SCP-8024. Believed to have successfully detonated. No noticable changes are detected in the situation. Second launch is being prepared.

> 

> **[06:50]** A bolt of lightning emerges from SCP-8024 and strikes the ceiling. Debris is scattered throughout the cavern. No injuries occur but one SRA receives damage.

> 

> **[07:02]** Multiple distinct roars and shrieks can be heard. A spike in Hume readings causes the damaged SRA to malfunction. It is immediately shut down to prevent further damages. The remaining 3 SRAs continue to operate but they begin overheating.

> 

> **[07:33]** A cloud of smoke rises from SCP-8024 accompanied by a slight tremor. Second thermonuclear device is prepared for launch. Status update is transmitted.

> 

> **[07:39]** All activity ceases as readings slowly begin to return to normal. Containment personnel are on standby to reassess the current situation.

> 

> **[08:10]** Several arcs of electricity are generated by SCP-8024, but lightning bolts then strike the remaining SRAs present. As a result they are destroyed.

> 

> **[09:03]** SCP-8024-2 emerges from SCP-8024 with significant damage. It is missing its left arm while the body is completely charred. It is still gripping the sickle, which is being dragged on the floor. A large gash across the chest is visible. Gold colored blood is dripping from the entity. It does not acknowledge personnel as it proceeds to cough up more blood before disappearing.

> 

> **[11:08]** Containment Area-8024 transmits an all clear. Requests assistance in conducting repairs.

> 

> **<End Log>**

The blood of SCP-8024-2 was collected for analysis. Volcanic activity continued which resulted in Mt. Etna growing taller by approximately 30 m. As a result of this incident, further contingencies are under consideration.

<< [SCP-8023](SCP-8023) | SCP-8024 | [SCP-8025](SCP-8025) >>
