**Containment class**: safe/Keter

**Secondary class**: Archon

**Disruption class**: Keneq

**Risk class**: caution

**Special containment procedures**:

Her containment procedures are mostly finished aside from the kill mode, but most of the ongoing research of her is to try and find out the best way to try and stop the kill mode from happening in the first place, and ear plugs or headphones didn’t work because of her insane hearing ability, same goes with soundproof walls as all of them only help decrease the range she can hear, not cancel it entirely.

Now usually it is fairly safe and easy to contain her as despite her intimidating presence, she doesn’t really aim to hurt any normal beings, so more often then not you could just walk her into her cell and she won’t protest or put up a fight.

 

Now surprisingly the scientific and health departments have her most of the time but for different purposes, the scientific department likes to run test with her to try and either find out how to replicate her abilities and find out how she grows plants, or medical department have her as since she can grow plants it is a help to create medicines and for helping with out, she gets to spend the amount time she helped in a greenhouse made for her after captivity to make her more willing to help.

But in the cases that she overhears about any type of harm to nature being deforestation, poaching/hunting, or anything else, she springs into a type of kill mode that will not end unless she finds and kills the person doing the harm in the first place, or if her memory is wiped of the person in the first place, in both cases she returns to her more docile state, so it is mandatory for no type of electronics that can show real world media to be in her cell or given to her, it is also recommended to watch your mouth around her as she is usually too strong and fast for guards to quickly move to stop her, only able to temporarily stun her with loud noises or strong flashing lights.

Her cell is actually kinda big so she can move around, her cell’s walls is covered in vines and flowers blooming from them with one of the walls being replaced with a window of bullet proof glass that shows the outside and floor is covered in soft grass as luckily no cleaning of her cell is required since she doesn’t actually eat food.

**Description**:

Scp-8756 or “The nature’s judgementor” as staff have been calling her, is a feminine, humanoid, looking being made up of plants that used to disguise herself as an ordinary human to try and get info on any poachers or deforestation or as she called them “threats to nature” going on in cities, then would go on hunts for them as so far she’s had a confirmed kill count of 238 in the known 6 years she’s been active, all kills being seen as either disappearances or mass murders by an unknown identity not have been found on camera by the public eye.

Once in captivity the first thing was to find out what counted to her as a “threat to nature”, it seems like the bottom line for her was anyone who’d either destroy nature for the fun of the game and not if it was for survival, and if someone started deforestation for expansion of civilization or if there was no reason.

In the appearance she chose, she stood at 7 feet and 5 inches tall, she has tan skintone, she has grass green hair which is styled into two thick twintale braids which is really just grass to be textured like real hair that go down to her waist which she can use to grow various types of plants as her eye color is also grass green with her pupils being shaped like leaves as well. Since she is made of plants she doesn’t eat like normal instead she photosynthesizes like plants do, hence the reason one of her walls is replaced by a window of bullet proof glass to let sun in. She wears a tan one shoulder top with brown overalls, she has on black boots and brown gardening gloves, a straw hat, long green stockings, and a vine like tail with a carnation flow on the end, and the funny thing is when asked why she chose to represent herself this way, she answered that she saw it on an ad while in the city and liked it so much she wanted it as her main appearance. 

Scp-8756 often acts almost motherly as her voice is usually calming and collective as it is very hard to annoy or disturb her casually. She likes to develop favorites in workers there as it’s noticeable by who she’s more willing to work and cooperate with. She often acts kind of defensive and often needy over staff she likes, often requesting for time with them or just picking them up gently and bringing them to her cell after testing, even after being told multiple times to not kidnap the scientist because she felt lonely and just ask next time as its not a big problem since she never hurts them. If you ask nicely, she’ll be more then willing to help you with anything as she’s one of the only scp’s who is actively helping and is okay to be around workers without supervision, and some workers started calling her flora for obvious reasons as she didn’t mind much.

**Abilities**: 

Cloaking: SCP-8756 is able to go invisible by letting light pass through her body, subject is seen doing this for hours at a time, inconclusive if there is a limit yet.

Breathing underwater: SCP-8756 is able to reconfigure the dna in her cells to allow her to breathe underwater, testing has shown shes able to stay underwater for 4 hours before required to come up for air.

Chlorokinesis: SCP-8756 has been shown on multiple occasions being able to make plants sprout from most surfaces, have them rapidly grow, or be able to rapidly change the dna in plants to aid her current situation, though the limits are if the dna change is too much, the plant will wilt, if on a surface like a wall with no nutrients, they will wilt at most, an hour or two after planting.

Enhanced senses: SCP-8756 had enhanced senses first seen when she could hear a conversation from the 5th floor, when on the first floor herself. This aids her in her hunting abilities as it helps to always have tabs on your prey. But at the drawback that strong smells can ward her off from areas if needed, is able to get temporarily blinded by strong flashes, and can be stunned with loud sounds.

Enhanced durability & strength: SCP-8756 is physically stronger then she should be as she commonly carries over 200 pounds while helping move things in the facility and her bare skin being able to take medium caliber rounds without breaking.

Day of capture (July 4th):

**10:40**: millionaire of a construction company, Thomas dale publicly announced for cutting down of a nearby forest for expansion of city

**11:30**: MTF sets up defenses around the up around the mansion on the lookout. 

**11:35**: 5 vehicles housing security guards and workers from the company enter through main gates for final preparation for the operation.

**11:45**: shooting and panic starts coming from within the mansion as MTF squadrons begin moving in.

**11:50**: MTF squadrons start sweeping the mansion for threats while inspecting the dead, most killed in quick succession with single but fatal strikes to vital organs and walls of thorny vines blocking corridors, creating a weird type of maze throughout the mansion, the power seems to have been cut.

**11:50**: first encounter with scp-8756 in the dimly lit corridors, her cloaking shortly after being spotted, seemingly trying to make her way towards the executive office.

**12:00**: SCP-8756 was found again killing off another group of the mansions guards as their bullets don’t seem to be piercing her skin.

**12:05**: MTF reached the executive office, but by the time they got in Thomas Dale was already dead with gloria standing over him, breathing heavily as she turns around, ready for a fight.

**12:10**: After a couple minutes of exchanges blows, eventually one of the MTF members lets it out that their not apart if the deforestation act as SCP-8756 immediately halts attacking with a confused expression.

**12:30**: after clarifying with SCP-8756 with who they are, she nods in understanding while apologizing for the mess she caused as she is quickly escorted out of the building and into a armored vehicle to be taken to a facility and be questioned.

**14:00**: after SCP-8756 explains her motives, the MTF reports it back to base as SCP-8756 is escorted into a temporary holding cell until further notice. 

**20:00**: SCP-8756 was left alone as to study her habits as it seems she had calmed down alot since the mansion murders as she seems to be able to see and hear through the observatory window in the room and have conversations with the workers watching her.

**22:00**: SCP-8756 was taken to a new bigger holding cell for her more permanent captivity before being allowed to rest for the night.

**MORE INFO IS SOON TO COME!**
