⚠️ **Content warning:** Child Harm and Psychological Trauma.

SCP-8475 — *The Joke's on You* by 

**Item #:** SCP-8475

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Medical records from local clinics and pharmacies are to be scanned bi-weekly for children that exhibit symptoms of SCP-8475. Children that exhibit symptoms of SCP-8475 should be quarantined and monitored until disappearance. No more than 10 SCP-8475-1 instances are to be kept at Site-██ to preserve storage. All other instances are to be incinerated.

**Description:** SCP-8475 is a phenomenon that refers to the disappearances of children between the ages of 4 to 13 in the Sorachi subprefecture of Hokkaido, Japan. SCP-8475 events last three weeks in total, with different symptoms for each week.

|  | = **Week 1** | = **Week 2** | = **Week 3** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| = **Symptoms** | = *Night terrors.* | = *Night terrors become situated in circuses.* | = *Sleep paralysis and vivid hallucinations. Demanifestation will occur before the week ends.* |
The only trace left after a subject's demanifestation is the materialization of an antique clown doll (designated SCP-8475-1) in the subject's bed. These instances all vary in quality, shape and size. All SCP-8475-1 instances discovered carry the likeness of the demanifested children. Instances have been noted to erratically move their eyes from side-to-side randomly. Parents who discover SCP-8475-1 in their child's room often immediately dispose of it. After discovery, parents will begin to lose memories of their child, similar to retrograde amnesia, as well as having no further interest in the disappearance of their child. Emotional responses from parents are rarely negative.

Attempts to prevent SCP-8475 events as well as the resulting amnesia in parents have failed. 

**Addendum 8475.1:** The following interview log was conducted with parents under the effects of SCP-8475.

**Interviewed:** Mr. & Mrs. Oma

@@  @@

**Interviewer:** Dr. K. Shirahori

@@  @@

**Foreword:** The interview was conducted under the guise of police questioning.

@@  @@

*< Begin Log >*

@@  @@

**Dr. Shirahori:** Log Number 8475-I1. Today is September 19th, 2009. Good morning, Mister, Missus. You both know we've brought you in for questioning regarding the disappearance of your son, correct?

@@  @@

*(Both begin giggling, covering their mouths as they regain their composure.)*

@@  @@

**Mr. Oma:** Hajime? Pfft-- What about him? Seems to me he's just fine wherever he might be in the world. Maybe he's in the Caribbean with all those traffickers!

@@  @@

**Mrs. Oma:** Hah! Don't be ridiculous now, dear. I have no clue what he's talking about! He's ...

@@  @@

*(Both pause before looking at each other, bursting out with laughter. Dr. Shirahori slowly reaches for a pen to fidget with.)*

@@  @@

**Dr. Shirahori:** Would the two of you elaborate on what you find so funny? Or are you going to compose yourselves?

@@  @@

**Mr. Oma:** Oh-- uhm, it's ... it's nothing, we assure you, sir. I apologize. What were we talking about?

@@  @@

**Dr. Shirahori:** Your missing child.

@@  @@

**Mrs. Oma:** Oh! Him! *HAH!* Pfft-- Oh, really, you're ... just too kind, sir!

@@  @@

**Mr. Oma:** Dear, don't even think about it!

@@  @@

*(Both look at each other again, pausing before laughing. Dr. Shirahori produces the SCP-8475-1 instance that Mr. & Mrs. Oma threw away. He places it down. The eyes of the doll begin to move erratically.)*

@@  @@

**Dr. Shirahori:** Stop laughing and look at me. This doll was found in the trash when you consented to a search of your home. Did this item hold any significance to Hajime? What was it doing there? 

@@  @@

**Mrs. Oma:** Ah! That ugly thing! Hah! Don't even bother with that piece of shit, officer. You can keep it if you'd like! I'm sure you'll find many more uses for it than we will.

@@  @@

**Mr. Oma:** I have no clue. We'll be more than happy to pay you to keep it! Really, it doesn't bother us at all. Hah, just look at it! That thing looks like it has an injury. Perhaps you should clean it first!

@@  @@

**Dr. Shirahori:** Where did you find this doll originally before throwing it away?

@@  @@

**Mrs. Oma:** Well, I'd say I found it ... in reality, I found it in the guest bedroom before ... yes! Found it there, threw it away. In the filthy trash where it belongs, really. It was hilarious seeing it in the morning! Made my day.

@@  @@

**Dr. Shirahori:** And you, Mr. Oma?

@@  @@

**Mr. Oma:** Oh! Yeah, yeah. My wife showed me before letting the garbage truck pick it up! My, I haven't laughed that hard in weeks. That thing is fucking pathetic. I have to say sir, this is really--

@@  @@

**Dr. Shirahori:** You realize this could be the last piece of evidence that Hajime left behind for us, right? He could be dead. Perhaps worse. Do the two of you understand the depth of the situation here? Face forwards and answer me honestly. Now.

@@  @@

*(Both pause with no expression on their face, staring blankly at the doll.)*

@@  @@

**Dr. Shirahori:** Answer me!

@@  @@

*(Both remain expressionless for another moment before smiles form on their faces. They laugh. The doll's eyes lock on to Mr. & Mrs. Oma before tears roll down its cheeks.)*

@@  @@

*< End Log >*

@@  @@

**Researcher Notes:** *Mr. & Mrs. Oma kept laughing for the remainder of the interview.*

> **Name:** Кутаиси, пекарня Нета, кукла (1)

> **Author:** Nikolai Bulykin

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/d/dd/%D0%9A%D1%83%D1%82%D0%B0%D0%B8%D1%81%D0%B8%2C_%D0%BF%D0%B5%D0%BA%D0%B0%D1%80%D0%BD%D1%8F_%D0%9D%D0%B5%D1%82%D0%B0%2C_%D0%BA%D1%83%D0%BA%D0%BB%D0%B0_%281%29.jpg)

<< [SCP-8474](SCP-8474) | SCP-8475 | [SCP-8476](SCP-8476) >>
