**Item #:** SCP-8328

**Object Class:** Apollyon

**Special Containment Procedures:** All knowledge of SCP-8328 and all evidence of its existence have been destroyed, except for this document. You are encouraged to destroy this document as well, preferably without reading it. Only you, the Administrator, are cleared for the information it contains.

**Description:** SCP-8328 is a specific arrangement of a standard 52-card deck that annihilates any system in which it arises. SCP-8328 can occur within any system capable of simulating a standard 52-card deck, including computer games, virtual reality, works of fiction, dreams, the imagination, and the physical universe. The appearance of SCP-8328 erases all data within the affected system and destroys the medium that stored said data, if applicable.

The means of SCP-8328's discovery were destroyed by it. They cannot be rebuilt.

To ensure that SCP-8328 cannot occur in the physical universe, it would be necessary to contain or destroy all decks of playing cards in existence, and/or alter the minds and memories of the entire population of Earth so that no one is capable of re-inventing a 52-card deck. These measures are almost certainly impossible to achieve, and any attempt at them would almost certainly bankrupt the Foundation and collapse the Veil. Even methods that are feasible, such as marketing and propaganda campaigns designed to discourage the use of standard decks, would still be expensive and highly unlikely to succeed.

However, as there are more than 8*10^^67^^ possible arrangements of a 52-card deck, the odds of SCP-8328 arising from any given shuffle are functionally zero. Statistically speaking, the human species, Earth, and/or universe are virtually guaranteed to be destroyed by another natural or anomalous phenomenon well before SCP-8328 ever occurs naturally. For this reason, it has been decided that the only feasible or necessary containment for SCP-8328 is purely informational. All information describing the exact order of SCP-8328 has already been destroyed, to prevent it from being created intentionally in our universe. To prevent the exact order from being rediscovered, all evidence and memory of SCP-8328's existence have likewise been destroyed, except for this document, which you are once more encouraged to also destroy.

<< [SCP-8327](SCP-8327) | SCP-8328 | [SCP-8329](SCP-8329) >>
