**Special Containment Procedures:** Containment of SCP-8219 has been deemed a DELTA-level priority due to its rate of infection. Reports of SCP-8219 are to be globally discredited; any individuals found hosting SCP-8219 are to be quarantined. Populated areas harboring SCP-8219 instances are to be restricted under the front company "Strait Cleanup Professionals" and Cover Story No: SCS-029. Hazardous Material Spill and Cleanup.

**Description:**   SCP-8219 is a species of sapient, parasitic microorganism that feeds on human beings,  manifesting as small, leaf-like particles floating on the surface of warm water sources.  Most commonly, pools, jacuzzis, small ponds, and geothermal water sources. . SCP-8219 poses an unknown system of limited locomotion and has demonstrated a rudimentary understanding of language, capable of telepathically communicating through its host by unknown means.  

Despite the seemingly large number of candidates, SCP-8219 has currently taken only Site-37 accountant Dr. Dullard Smith as its host; however, video evidence from civilian sources suggests the existence of currently unknown parameters for SCP-8219 to fully communicate with & infect its host.

**Addendum-SCP-8219.1: Initial Discovery**

SCP-8219 was first discovered by Dr. Dullard Smith at Site-37's standard aquatic pool, which had been repurposed from an unused containment pool and was being used for recreation at the time. The following is camera footage from the incident.

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 08/04/2020

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**01:23:**  Site-37 staff is shown entering the pool.

**01:23-05:43:** Staff engage in various recreational activities, culminating in a race with 4 personnel, including Dr. Smith.

**06:14:** Dr. Smith averts his attention away from other staff.

**06:25:** Dr. Smith is continually teased by other staff about his performance in the race.

**06:45:** SCP-8219 Henceforth designated SCP-8219α.  is first shown floating on the water's surface, 2 lanes away from staff.

**[ACTS OF RECREATION OMITTED FOR BREVITY]**

**24:31:** SCP-8219α floats closer to Site personnel.

**24:52:** Staff turn on the pool heaters.

**25:22:** SCP-8219α attaches onto Dr. Smith's forehead, and a high-pitched scream is heard.

**25:43:** Dr. Smith continues to scream in pain, dismissed by other staff as Dr. Smith's cowardice.

**26:11:** Dr. Smith presumably self-urinates, causing staff outcry.

**26:33:** Dr. Smith stops screaming, telepathic contact presumably reached.

**27:42:** Pool heating is increased by staff.

**28:51:** Dr. Smith attempts to relay the effects of SCP-8219α to staff.

**29:32:** Dr. Smith begins emitting nonsensical vocalizations.

**[ACTS OF RECREATION OMITTED FOR BREVITY]**

**35:12:** Staff exit the pool. Instances of SCP-8219α are seen attached to Dr. Smith's swimwear as he leaves.

---

[END LOG]

**Addendum-SCP-8219.3: Interview Log**

---

**NOTE:** The following is an interview conducted with SCP-8219α through Dr. Smith's vocal transcriptions of its responses.

**DATE:**  08/04/2020

**INTERVIEWER:** Dr. Alice Candor, who was personally requested to be the interviewer by Dr. Smith, citing Dr. Candor's "metanarrative pataphysical potential" and "pleasant personality". It is unknown when Dr. Smith gained a degree in pataphysics. 

**INTERVIEWEE:** SCP-8219α

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Candor:** Hello, SCP-8219, I would like to ask some questions if you won't mind.

**Dr. Smith:** He says it's alright.

**Dr. Candor:** Great, now first of all, could you tell us more about what you are?

**Dr. Smith:** He sa-

**Dr. Candor:** Please just describe the entities' responses if you will, for the record.

**Dr. Smith:** O-oh, sorry.

**Dr. Smith:**  (coughs) Ahem, well, you see, I am a drifting wanderer through the sea.

**Dr. Candor:** Could you elaborate?

**Dr. Smith:** Well, it's nothing crazy, just looking for a vacation, you know.

**Dr. Candor:** A vacation?

**Dr. Smith:** It's hard work out there, just trying to get a summer vacation to escape from things. I'm quite the popular stem back in the pond, so figured I'd take some time to lay low.

**Dr. Candor:** I'm afraid you're being a bit vague. I would love some details if you would.

**Dr. Smith:** (Pause for 30 seconds)

**Dr. Candor:** Are you there, SCP-8219?

**Dr. Smith:** Y'know it's sometimes better not to think too much about things, but if you insist,

I am but a humble leafman, swimming through the ponds, diligent in keeping the balance.

**Dr. Candor:** What balance?

**Dr. Smith:** (Dr. Smith makes a gesture resembling some sort of circle) W-well, the balance of nature obviously, even the smallest parts play their part.

**Dr. Candor:** I wouldn't call the mass infestation you've been conducting on nature "balance".

Do you know how much money we have to spend making sure you don't hurt anyone? And you dare call that balance?

**Dr. Smith:** (Dr. Smith puts his fist on his chin, staring at the floor) M-my work is necessary, it's best if you just ignore it.

**Dr. Candor:** Elaborate on your "work".

**Dr. Smith:** What more work is there than survival itself? I spread myself amongst thee as reprieve, I am not alone as you might propose, and you would blame thee? Would yee blame the hunter for hunting? The fish for swimming? The bird for flying?

**Dr. Candor:** Are you sure you are of sound mind, SCP-8219? We can do this another day.

**Dr. Smith:** (Dr. Smith slams his fists on the table) HOW DARE YEE SPOUT SUCH NONSENSE! **##green|LEAF##** ME ALONE THIS INSTANT!

**Dr. Candor:**  Please refrain from such outbursts, doctor.

**Dr. Smith:** (Dr. Smith shrugs his shoulders) You told me to describe what he says, I'm just setting the tone.

**Dr. Candor:** Nevertheless, SCP-8219, you hurt my friend. I admit I am not of knightly honour, but knowing what I know now, I cannot ignore what your kind is doing.

**Dr. Smith:** (Dr. Smith's pupils dilate) F-friend you say?

**Dr. Candor:** Yes, and speaking of knights, you seem to know quite a lot of English for someone like yourself. Why is that?

**Dr. Smith:** [Pause for 2 minutes]

**Dr. Smith:** I travel a lot, muchacho.

**Dr. Candor:** I am assuming you won't be elaborating on that, very well. One last question.

**Dr. Candor:** What do you have to gain from your relationship with Dr. Smith?

**Dr. Smith:** His flow is nourishing, his chiseled body a safe haven for my form, his sweat a nectar of the gods, his advanced expertise in finance is a sight to behold, his charisma swept me off my feet, his smile shone brighter than the sun. So I decided I MUST take this man as my host and no other.

**Dr. Candor:** I see, I believe we are done for today. Thank you for the input, SCP-8219.

**Dr. Smith:** My displeasure.

 **Closing Statement:** [I believe SCP-8219 presents an underestimated threat to normalcy; it has shown to be indifferent to human suffering at best or actively malicious at worst. The negligible activity of SCP-8219 instances up until now suggests a specific reason for that to be the case. I highly suggest the Foundation start implementing measures against the emergent threat of SCP-8219 through societal change, either by affecting the climate or producing an alternative to leaves as a whole. At the very least, I request further research and a formal reassessment of SCP-8219 by the classification committee. Preferably a reclassification to Apollyon.]

---

[END LOG]

> **Major changes have been made to this file recently. See the following for current documentation.**

<details>
<summary>+ Click here to view the current documentation of SCP-8219.</summary>

**Special Containment Procedures:** N/A

**Description:**~~SCP-8219 is a species of sapient, parasitic microorganism that feeds on human beings,  manifesting as small, leaf-like particles floating on the surface of warm water sources.  Most commonly, pools, jacuzzis, small ponds, and geothermal water sources. . SCP-8219 poses an unknown system of limited locomotion. SCP-8219 has demonstrated a rudimentary understanding of language, capable of telepathically communicating through its host by unknown means.~~

~~Despite the seemingly large number of candidates, SCP-8219 has currently taken only Foundation Personnel Dr. Dullard Smith as its only host.~~

**##blue|SCP-8219-EX was a hoax manufactured by Dr. Dullard Smith to alleviate his personal workload. Due to the large loss of foundation resources as a result of this, section 56f of the standard foundation employee manual was updated to include a stern warning for all personnel to  actually utilize the HR department for its intended purpose instead of manufacturing anomalous phenomena.##**

**Addendum-SCP-8219.1: Interview Log**

---

**DATE:** 21/10/2020

**NOTE:** Six months after SCP-8219 was originally classified, Dr. Dullard Smith of Site-37 was investigated for the fabrication of documentation, evidence, images, and audio regarding the existence of SCP-8219 under concerns about the inefficiency of current containment procedures. The following is an interview with Dr. Frank Candor.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Candor:** So much money, so much time, so many resources spent on this bullshit, so you better start talking.

**Dr. Smith:** There's nothing to talk about.

**Dr. Candor:** Why did you do it?

**Dr. Smith:** Can't we just **##green|leaf##** this alone already?

**Dr. Candor:** Did you think we wouldn't find out??? You made us chase children in parks with **##green|leaf##** nets, for fucks sake.

**Dr. Smith:** I-I needed a break.

**Dr. Candor:** A break?

**Dr. Smith:** Well, work's been rough lately and and I kinda wanted a raise, so yeah.

**Dr. Candor:** Do you know what your surprisingly shrewd ass cost us?

**Dr. Smith:** I wouldn't like say it was surprising or anything-

**Dr. Candor:** I THOUGHT I WAS DEALING WITH THE NEXT RED DEATH! THE NEXT ZOMBIE VIRUS THE NEXT WHATEVER THE FUCK!

**Dr. Smith:** Sorry... I promise to turn over a new **##green|leaf##**.

**Dr. Candor:** Sorry? SORRY? YOU'RE SORRY? YOU WANNA KNOW WHO'S SORRY? I'M SORRY, SORRY I HAD TO GET ON MY HANDS & KNEES AND BEG ESSOPHYSICS TO REPLACE THE CONCEPT OF LEAVES! SORRY I MADE FUN OF YOUR SWIMMING ONE TIME, GOD KNOWS WHAT YOU DID BECAUSE OF IT!

**Dr. Smith:** I think we should cool off, **##green|leaf##** this place and get some coffe-

**Dr. Candor:** I am going to fucking kill you.

---

[END LOG]

After this interview, Dr. Smith was demoted to L-Class ~~**##green|leaf##**~~ Labour  personnel under Dr. Candor's recommendation due to the following charges.

**Note from Dr. Candor following the interview:**

> you will clean those pools until there's not a single **##green|leaf##** left or so god help me.

</details>

<< [SCP-8218](SCP-8218) | SCP-8219 | [SCP-8220](SCP-8220) >>
