=====

=====

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Merriweather:ital,opsz,wght@0,18..144,300..900;1,18..144,300..900&display=swap');

.letter {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: 'merriweather';

    font-size: 15px;

    font-style: normal;

    border: 2px solid black;

    width: 90%;

    margin: 0 auto;

    position: center;

    background-color: #fff;

    background-image: url("https://moegirl.uk/images/4/45/MC%26D.png");

    background-position: top right 17px;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-size: 90px;

    padding: 8px 8px;

    margin-bottom: 1px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

# **SCP FOUNDATION**

## SECURE — CONTAIN — PROTECT

SECURE TERMINAL v9.4.2

---

{{> Access from secure terminal detected.}}

{{> You have 30 seconds to provide valid credentials in the fields below. Unauthorized access attempts, failure to authenticate within the provided time limit, or the input of incorrect credentials, will:}}

{{> 1. Result in the immediate deployment of a BERRYMAN-LANGFORD-CLASS Memetic Kill Agent.}}

{{> 2. Alert Mobile Task Force Alpha-1 ("Red Right Hand") to your precise location.}}

{{> Proceed with caution.}}

{{Username: O5_08}}

{{> Does the black moon howl?}}

{{Password: Does it?}}

{{> Validating. Please wait.}}

{{>...}}

{{> Welcome, O5-8.}}

{{> What do you wish to see today?}}

{{Access: File SCP-8731.txt.}}

{{> Retrieving file: SCP-8731.txt.}}

{{>...}}

{{> Retrieval successful.  Displaying file now.}}

---

]

**Special Containment Procedures:** The containment and oversight of SCP-8731 is under the purview of GoI-012 ("Marshall, Carter & Dark Ltd.")**Argus:** Item's containment is under the purview of a third party. per the terms established in Article I of the 1932 Birmingham Agreements;A series of papers ratified by the SCP Foundation and Marshall, Carter & Dark, wherein the latter agreed to finance the former in exchange for a rather extensive set of conditions and concessions. Article I, in particular, states that, upon formal request by Marshall, Carter & Dark, the Foundation is to suspend, withdraw, or otherwise cease all operations interfering with interests deemed of high priority or value to MC&D. Foundation intervention is therefore unnecessary.

**Description:** SCP-8731 designates a self-contained pocket universe whose primary entrance is located somewhere within the Carpathian Mountains, near the city of Brașov, Romania. SCP-8731 is a Free-Port type NexusAnomalous hubs of commerce and living. These communities are openly aware of the anomalous and actively practice it. inhabited exclusively by members of [Species of Interest #6425 ("Zadotek")](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-zadotek). Further details regarding the object and its inhabitants are unknown.

**Addendum 1:** Discovery and Incident

SCP-8731 first came to the Foundation’s attention on March 14th, 2010, following the detection of several localized gravitational and electromagnetic disturbances by Foundation orbital surveillance systems. These distortions exhibited irregular but predictable fluctuations consistent with readings produced by extradimensional apertures.Such as "Ways" utilized by the Serpent's Hand.

A rapid response team was mobilized from Site-219 to investigate and secure the source of the disturbances. Before the team could approach the location, however, they were intercepted by operatives affiliated with GoI-1043 ("Valravn Corporation")Anomalous Private Military Company mostly operating in politically unstable regions where the presence of organizations like the Foundation and the Global Occult Coalition is less prominent. who prevented their passage.

A log of the encounter in question has been appended below.

<details>
<summary>▶ Access Video Log</summary>

**Video Log**

**Date:** 15/03/2010

**Foreword:** The following transcript was taken from the body camera of Cpt. Paul Kreanga

---

= **BEGIN LOG**

*Recording begins inside an armored Foundation vehicle. The camera shakes faintly due to the idling of the engine, but it remains in place, its focus lying entirely on three unmarked SUVs stationed approximately 6 meters ahead of the vehicle and on the nine armed individuals wearing dark tactical uniforms standing in front of them.*

*Cpt. Kreanga mutters something inaudible to his pilot, Private Dragos Popescu, before clearing his throat.*

**Cpt. Kreanga:** Beginning recording per standard protocol. We were some... ehh, five or six kilometers from the coordinates when we were met with this.

*Cpt. Kreanga pauses and leans forward. The camera focuses on the chest area of the uniforms worn by the individuals. Red insignia patches resembling a stylized raven are present on them.*

**Cpt. Kreanga:** Hey rookie, I need a second pair of eyes here. What do you see on their patches?

**Private Popescu:** Looks like a V... or a bird, sir.

*Cpt. Kreanga lets out an exasperated sigh. He then activates the vehicle's radio.*

**Cpt. Kreanga:** All units, stand down and hold your positions. I'll handle this myself.

**Private Popescu:** Are... are you sure of this, sir? Shouldn't we call in reinforcements?

**Cpt. Kreanga:** Don't bother. We'll be dead by the time they show up.

*Cpt. Kreanga moves to exit the vehicle, raising his arms as soon as he manages to. He then speaks with his voice raised.*

**Cpt. Kreanga:** I'm unarmed. I'm going over there to talk, alright?

*As Cpt. Kreanga approaches the blockade, one of the men steps forward in front of the entire group. Once Kreanga is three meters from this individual, he stops.*

**Valravn Operative:** Hilsener.Danish and Norwegian for 'greetings', 'regards' or 'salutations'. This is private property, turn your convoy around and go back the way you came from.

**Cpt. Kreanga:** No can do. Our presence is part of an ongoing operation. What's Valravn doing here, by the way? Whose property is this?

**Valravn Operative:** That information is classified. And it would be better if you left, would save both of us a lot of trouble.

*The operative brandishes his HK416 assault rifle.*

**Cpt. Kreanga:** Hey, easy. We haven’t done anything yet. I just want to figure out what's going on here, nothing more.

**Valravn Operative:** I know. And trust me, we don't want any problems with the Foundation, but if you keep pushing up this road, things will get unpleasant. Fast.

**Cpt. Kreanga:** There's no need for threats.

**Valravn Operative:** It wasn't a threat, just a statement of fact. Consider it a professional courtesy of sorts. That said, I won't ask again.

**Cpt. Kreanga:** ...Very well.

*Cpt. Kreanga takes a few steps backward, not taking his eyes off the Operative until he is a meter from the vehicle. He then turns around and pivots toward the copilot door, opening it and stepping inside.*

**Private Popescu:** Sir?

*Cpt. Kreanga shrugs.*

**Cpt. Kreanga:** We're done here, rookie.

*He reaches for the radio handset.*

**Cpt. Kreanga:** All units, turn around and return to Site. I'm aborting this mission before things get ugly for us.

*Acknowledgements sound over the radio in quick succession. Engines rev in the background as vehicles begin maneuvering to reverse their direction.*

*The camera captures the Valravn operatives beginning to retreat back to their own vehicles as well, before it is shut down..*

= **END LOG**

</details>

Interest in SCP-8731 increased considerably following the above interaction, and various attempts at communicating with the higher chain of command of the Valravn Corporation with the intention of clarifying the incident were made by Foundation liaisons with little success.

**Addendum 2:** Letter sent to the Overseer Council

The following letter inexplicably appeared on the desk of O5-1 between 14:05 and 14:08 on 01/04/2010, in a period during which the Overseer was not present in her office.

<details>
<summary>▶ Open Letter</summary>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

*Dear Overseers,*

*I have recently been informed that your Foundation has been meddling in one of my most indispensable assets as of late, and what is more, the good men over at Valravn grow weary of your insistence on finding out what I pay them to guard so fiercely. I, perhaps more than anyone else in this world, understand their frustrations all too well.*

*However, I also understand that attempting to persuade you to look the other way is nothing if not a fruitless endeavour. After all, persistence is your defining virtue, is it not? Annoying though it may be on occasion. So how about we make a deal instead?*

*Your ambassador will meet with my granddaughter in private, and she will explain whatever you believe requires an explanation. In exchange, you will cease your investigation into my business, as was stipulated in the agreement your predecessors signed with me all those years ago. I believe this to be the better option for both of our organisations' wellbeing, and I hope you agree with that assessment.*

*The meeting will be held this Sunday at our main installation in London in the evening. Make sure to arrive on time.*

*Yours sincerely,*

*Percival Darke*

</details>

No traces of thaumic residue or Hume fluctuations typical of conventional methods of teleportation were found in subsequent analyses conducted on the letter's envelope and O5-1's office. Review of the footage taken by the audio and video recording equipment present in the office revealed that several minutes of said footage were missing from Site-01's servers, and that this fact had gone unreported by security personnel.

Given the delicate nature of the implications carried by these events, an internal, comprehensive investigation of all personnel stationed at Site-01 is ongoing.

**Addendum 3:** Meeting with PoI-012-A

On 03/04/2010, O5-8 — the Foundation's primary liaison to MC&D — arrived at Site-131 in London, England, where he will be staying for the night. This file will be updated following his meeting with PoI-012-A.

---

{{Command=/edit}}

{{> You have entered the Edit function. Please submit the changes or additions you want to add to the file.}}

---

**Addendum 3:** Meeting with PoI-012-A

On 03/04/2010, O5-8 — the Foundation's primary liaison to MC&D — arrived at Site-131 in London, England, where he stayed for the night. The next day, O5-8 arrived at the designated meeting place within the provided time frame. The transcript of the meeting can be found below.

<details>
<summary>▶ Access Log</summary>

**Meeting Log**

**Attendees:** O5-08

* PoI-012-A ("Iris Dark")

* EoI-012-A ("Chiras Darke Sai'Tek")

---

= **BEGIN LOG**

*O5-8 stands in front of a dark wooden door. His hand rests on the round doorknob. He breathes in fresh air and exhales before finally opening the door and entering the room behind.*

*The office is a spacious chamber  with a single window on the leftmost wall that offers a view of the London skyline. The minimalist décor present is sparse yet expensive: small marble statues, some plants, and a single family portrait depicting a large man with a smile on his face, a woman who is also smiling, and a girl no older than 10, though she is not smiling. Her expression is impassive, and her eyes are dead and calculating.*

*Iris Dark sits in front of the portrait at a large desk filled with neatly arranged papers and a closed laptop. O5-8 walks toward the desk. Iris's gaze shifts to him.*

**Iris Dark:** Eight.

**O5-8:** Ms. Dark.

**Iris Dark:** I'm impressed you managed to make it here this early. Traffic was good today, I hope?

**O5-8:** As a matter of fact, it was. But now that you mention it, I'm going to assume you had a hand in that.

**Iris Dark:** Naturally.

*O5-8 takes a seat. His gaze lands on the empty chair beside him.*

**O5-8:** I was under the impression this would be a private meeting.

**Iris Dark:** It will be. Mostly.

**O5-8:** "Mostly"?

**Iris Dark:** We're waiting for someone.

**O5-8:** Percival's letter suggested this would be between you and me. I don't like last-minute changes.

**Iris Dark:** Believe me, neither do I, but someone else insisted on being present today, and Percival agreed to that. Unfortunately, there's nothing I can do about it.

*O5-8 sighs and leans back in his chair. The two remain silent for two minutes, with the only audible element being the ventilation system.*

*At 18:07, the office door opens. O5-8 turns around and immediately clears his throat.*

*A tall humanoid entity with distinctly reptilian characteristics enters the room. She is approximately 2.1 meters tall and possesses scales that are dark green in coloration, a protruding snout, and amber eyes with black vertical pupils. She is dressed in a black lounge suit designed to accommodate a digitigrade stance and a large tail.*

**Chiras Darke:** Overseer Eight. It is a pleasure to finally make your acquaintance.

*She extends a clawed hand toward O5-8. O5-8 does not reply immediately, but he quickly regains his composure and shakes her hand.*

**O5-8:** Ahem, likewise.

*O5-8 glances at Iris.*

**O5-8:** I would have appreciated it if you had told me of your associate's nature.

*Chiras chuckles and sits in the chair beside O5-8.*

**Chiras Darke:** Please excuse her. I am afraid Iris prefers not to speak of me if she can help it. Our relationship is far from the closest, despite my best efforts to amend that.

*Iris looks directly at Chiras for several seconds,  then back at O5-8.*

**Iris Dark:** Eight, this is Chiras Darke Sai'Tek, my... half-cousin. She will be answering all of your questions. I'm simply here to be a witness and to sign whatever needs signing on behalf of MC&D.

*Iris opens and turns on the laptop on the desk.*

**Iris Dark:** In the meantime, I have an urgent business to attend.

*O5-8 turns to Chiras.*

**O5-8:** I'm sorry, half-cousin?

**Chiras Darke:** Percival Darke is also my biological grandfather. He married grandmother some 300 years ago, and they had children. Those children then had children of their own, and I am one of them.

**O5-8:** I see. And I suppose this familial relationship is important for the matter at hand?

**Chiras Darke:** Very much so. The livelihood of my kind is the most affected by your organization's "meddling," as grandfather so graciously put it.

*O5-8 folds his hands together and remains silent for several seconds.*

**O5-8:** Then allow me to be direct. What exactly is MC&D hiding in the Carpathians? Not only did an incident with Valravn almost happen because of it, but the security of one of the most isolated and fortified locations on the entire planet was breached by someone deep in Percival's pockets for the sole reason of keeping us out of it. That isn't done for no reason.

**Chiras Darke:** Right. First and foremost, I want to apologize for that on his behalf; grandfather can go to unnecessary lengths when it comes to matters concerning family. To answer your question, what you are looking for in the mountains is my home... or rather, the doorway that leads to it.

**O5-8:** Please elaborate.

*Her tail flicks once behind the chair.*

**Chiras Darke:** Whatever your organization detected was caused by a fissure in space-time that serves as a gateway to what the Foundation calls a "Nexus," one populated by my kind, the Zadotek. What happened on the 14th was a technical mishap with the mechanism used to open it, nothing more.

**O5-8:** A technical mishap that generated disturbances detectable from orbit?

**Chiras Darke:** Yes. And I must say, your satellites are quite impressive for picking them up.

**O5-8:** You're dodging the question.

**Chiras Darke:** I am not doing such thing, your question was simply too vague.

*Pause. O5-8 leans forward.*

**O5-8:** What's the deal?

**Chiras Darke:** Pardon?

**O5-8:** Percival doesn't involve himself with us nearly as much since Iris took over his portion of the company. He must get something substantial out of this for him to personally go out of his way to address us directly.

**Chiras Darke:** Well, nothing.

*Pause.*

**O5-8:** Nothing?

*Chiras lets out a low hiss that resembles a chuckle and returns to her previous posture.*

**Chiras Darke:** Nothing with material worth that is. What he does receive is the affection of grandmother.

**O5-8:** Do you expect me to believe that Percival Darke is giving refuge and protection to an entire species for... what, love?

**Chiras Darke:** Oh, I didn't mean it that way! I know better than to take a man of your caliber for a fool, Overseer. But you must understand that love... well, it is the most twisted curse of all, is it not? It has a way of changing history and people, for better or worse. And grandfather is not an exception to that rule.

**O5-8:** Forgive my skepticism, but I have a hard time believing that. Even so, why did he call it an asset in his letter?

**Chiras Darke:** He is several centuries older than everyone in this room, and he has spent a majority of that time running the most profitable company on the planet. I surmise that he struggles with separating his business-centric mindset from most other things.

**O5-8:** That's a charitable interpretation of Percival's character.

**Chiras Darke:** Would you expect any less? He is my grandfather, after all.

*Another pause. O5-8 sighs after several seconds and leans back again.*

**O5-8:** What was used to open this portal? We could tell that nothing thaumaturgical was involved, and the analysis performed by Ontokinetics on the readings we picked up was largely inconclusive.

**Chiras Darke:** That—

**Iris Dark:** She won't be answering that question.

*Chiras and O5-8 turn to look at Iris. Her eyes are still focused on the laptop.*

**Iris Dark:** Sensitive information. You understand.

*O5-8's gaze lingers on Iris for a few seconds before returning to face Chiras. She shrugs.*

**Chiras Darke:** At the very least, I can assure you that the method is safe. As I said, what happened on the 14th was merely an unexpected mishap. My team and I will make sure that it does not happen again.

**O5-8:** Your assurances would carry more weight if we could verify those claims ourselves.

**Chiras Darke:** Undoubtedly so, I'm sure. But you cannot. I am afraid you will have to trust my word this time.

**O5-8:** That's a huge request, Ms. Sai'Tek. Trust is—

*Chiras lifts a hand.*

**Chiras Darke:** Just 'Darke' is fine, Overseer. Sai'Tek is the name of my tribe; it feels strange to be called that outside of certain contexts.

**O5-8:** ...Right, my apologies. As I was saying, Ms. Darke, trust is built on more than just words.

**Chiras Darke:** I understand your incredulity, Overseer. But I must disagree with that premise. I have dutifully answered all of your questions thus far, and I have done so honestly. The fact that I am even here in the first place should mean something.

**O5-8:** Why?

**Chiras Darke:** Because grandfather can be paranoid. He did not want me to be here at first. He did not want you or your Foundation to know of the existence of my kind beyond what Iris would have told you. I can understand his reasons to some extent, but I believe this was the better option in the long term. At the very least, even if you still do not trust me, you can now put a face to the problem you are dealing with.

*Pause.*

**O5-8:** Iris?

**Iris Dark:** She's telling the truth. If it means anything, I didn’t want her here either.

**O5-8:** It does, thank you.

*O5-8 takes a deep breath.*

**O5-8:** ...Very well, I will choose to believe you this time, Ms. Darke. However, that doesn't mean my colleagues will do the same.

*Chiras closes her eyes and bares her teeth.*

**Chiras Darke:** Of course, I would expect nothing less from your council. But, I imagine that you have some more immediate demands?

**O5-8:** Not many. For now, we will continue to monitor the Carpathians from orbit. I trust Percival won't have any objections to that?

**Chiras Darke:** I cannot speak for grandfather, but as long as the Foundation keeps its distance, there should not be an issue with it.

**O5-8:** Good. Now, I know I'm taking a shot in the dark here, but is there any possibility we could learn more about your species?

*Chiras shakes her head.*

**Chiras Darke:** I am sorry to say, but no. Grandfather would object to that.

**O5-8:** It was worth a try.

*Pause. O5-8 glances briefly toward the window, then at Iris, and finally at Chiras.*

**O5-8:** Then I believe we're done here.

**Chiras Darke:** Is that so?

*O5-8 pushes his chair back and stands up.*

**O5-8:** You've given me enough information to justify not escalating the situation any further. If you do keep everything under control as you've promised, we can pretend nothing happened on our end.

*Chiras follows suit and stands up herself. She then extends a clawed hand, which O5-8 promptly shakes.*

**Chiras Darke:** I am glad we could resolve this situation so swiftly, Overseer.

**O5-8:** Likewise. Ms. Dark, Ms. Darke.

*Iris Dark nods and Chiras parts her lips, baring her teeth, and closes her eyes. Without another word, O5-8 turns around and walks toward the door. He opens it and steps out, closing it quietly behind him.*

= **END LOG**

</details>

**Addendum 4:** Follow-up Investigation

Following the meeting with PoI-012-A and EoI-012-A, O5-8 returned to Site-01 and convened with the rest of the Overseer Council to report and assess the situation. During the session, a special investigation to corroborate the information provided by PoI-012-A, particularly the existence of the "Zadotek" people, was approved; this investigation is spearheaded by Research Task Force Pi-12 ("Scales in Darke") in conjunction with Mobile Task Force Mu-3 ("Highest Bidders").

This document will be updated as more details become available.

---

{{command=/save}}

{{> Saving page...}}

{{> Page saved!}}

{{Logout}}

{{> Logging out...}}

{{> Goodbye, O5-8.}}

<< [SCP-8730](SCP-8730) | SCP-8731 | [SCP-8732](SCP-8732) >>
