@@ @@

---

### Special Containment Procedures

SCP-8129 is currently held at large-specimen ecological containment chamber 0197, at Site-48. The ceiling is to be covered with LED grow lights with an output of at least 800 W, and four (4) or more automatic fire sprinkles. The inner perimeter of the ground should be 0.5-1.5 m deep and filled with soil comprised of peat moss and perlite, with a pH of roughly 7.0, which is to be replaced on a 3-year basis, and watered every ten (10) days.

Entering the containment chamber of SCP-8129 is permissible with the authorization of at least two (2) personnel with Level 2 clearance or above. A trained psychologist is to accompany the subject, and all personnel must wear head equipment comprised of [SCP-148](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-148) for the duration of the visit. Residing in the containment chamber for more than 30 minutes is prohibited. Personnel who show signs of a diminished mental state even after five (5) days consequent to exposure to the effects of SCP-8129 are to be given psychological evaluations.

---

### Description

@@ @@

SCP-8129 is a common *salix babylonica* Weeping Willow tree , approximately 11 m in depth, 13.6 m in width, and 12.1 m in height, the color of its leaves being a purplish hue. Item was determined to be 800-1000 years old through radiocarbon analysis, which makes it extraordinarily older compared to common instances of its species.

Item is able to produce telepathic waves which affect neural oscillations in the brains of human subjects. These waves expand for approximately 24 m and are capable of spreading through air and liquid, but can only penetrate a small number of solid materials, their penetration capability being effective for matter with a density of roughly 1.20 g/cm³. Equipment made of SCP-148 has proven to be successful at nullifying the effects of SCP-8129.

Shortly after getting exposed to the telepathic waves of SCP-8129, subjects experience an inexplicable sadness and an urge to cry, even if the subject is genetically or mentally incapable of feeling said emotions. Prolonged exposure will continuously enhance these effects, in most cases resulting in subjects committing suicide after approximately five (5) hours.

SCP-8129 is capable of communication through means of telepathy, manifesting as internally perceived echoic vocalizations, resembling the voice of a young adult woman with a 19th-century London accent. This type of communication is only one-way, it only being able to understand auditory stimuli when they are expressed vocally, though it can sense the emotional states of subjects. Though it is considered to be sapient, item has not demonstrated to feel physical pain of any kind, however, it has claimed it can be terminated. SCP-8129 speaks fluent English and understands some Welsh, and is usually cooperative with foundation staff. When uninterrupted, SCP-8129 tends to hum songs ranging from the classical genre to nursery rhymes at random intervals, or repeat the following phrase:

> Sister dear, in golden bloom

> I hope to see you someday soon

Propagation of cuttings acquired from SCP-8129 has resulted in an instance of the item (hereon referred to as SCP-8129-1), growing to a height of 1.28 m in the span of one (1) year. Its anomalous capabilities seem to be identical to SCP-8129, with the exception that it is incapable of communication.

**Discovery Log:** SCP-8129 was brought to the Foundation's attention on 07/14/19██, when there were numerous reports of individuals committing suicide and experiencing hysterical episodes near the River ████████, in ███████ County, England. SCP-8129 was originally discovered in front of the house of ████ ██████, who was found hanged in her living room. The inside of her home featured an extensive number of scratches and engravings on the walls, consisting of the sentences "{{LEAVE ME ALONE}}," "{{I CAN'T HELP YOU}}," "{{GET OUT OF MY HEAD}}," among other phrases. A cover story was constructed about Ms. ██████ having a manic episode and committing suicide shortly after escaping a local psychiatric hospital, which resulted in mass hysteria among local residents. Any individuals claiming they had conversed with a tree or had heard internally perceived voices were given Class A amnestics. SCP-8129 was then later extracted from the ground and brought to Site-48.

---

 
<details>
<summary>< Interview Logs ></summary>

**Interview Log 8129-01:**

> Date: 07/19/19██

> Interviewed: SCP-8129

> Interviewee: Doctor Lucia Darrell

> 

> *[Begin log.]*

> 

> **Dr. Darrell:** Good morning.

> 

> **SCP-8129:** *[Pause]* Hath the angels of famine finally come? Come to take me away by the sound of a war drum? To think I would hear it at last. *[Pause]* Well then, do not hold back, spawn of the devil. Ignite the flames and bring me to another life. I have seen enough already.

> 

> **Dr. Darrell:** Excuse me? No, no - we're not here to harm you. It's okay. We brought you here because we wanted to ask you some questions if you are comfortable with it.

> 

> **SCP-8129:** *[Long pause]* I see.

> 

> **Dr. Darrell:** Now tell me, do you have a name or any type of identification?

> 

> **SCP-8129:** A name, a name. Mere words that chime hollow. I remember not what it might have been, but as long as I have lived, I called myself Willow.

> 

> **Dr. Darrell:** That's a beautiful name. Willow, I would like to ask; when were you born? Where do you come from?

> 

> **SCP-8129:** *[Pause]* My origin is lost a-time, I fear. From whence I came is a haze, for I do not need to remind myself of what I have lost. Though I do hold recollections of a form long gone, it is nothing I hold dear. Like an early bluebird waking into a blizzard, alone and helpless, now all I feel is chill and frost-

> 

> **Dr. Darrell:** I'm sorry, but could you keep your responses brief? Your metaphors are lovely, but I need this interview to be simple and to the point.

> 

> **SCP-8129:** *[Long pause]* Very well.

> 

> *[Dr. Darrell suddenly begins tearing up. She wipes her eyes.]*

> 

> **Dr. Darrel:** Oh, excuse me. I don't know what came over me. Anyways, what were you saying about something you have lost?

> 

> **SCP-8129:** Dearest, dearest Sally. Wrapped in golden flames, so bright and pale. Shining bright as the Sun, she stood by me for centuries. Until one day, that dreadful day, kin of yours attacked and took her away, leaving me behind. Now all I have are harrowing memories. No tears left to shed, heart full of dread, alone to the cracked earth am I confined.

> 

> *[Dr. Darrell continues to lacrimate. A box of tissues is brought in.]*

> 

> **Dr. Darrell:** Oh... That sounds terrible. I'm so sorry. Who is Sally? And, could you tell me more about those people who took her away?

> 

> **SCP-8129:** My dearest sister, Sally. Her warm embrace, her enchanting roots, her blooming aura brought smiles to children across these wasted, pitiful, hateful lands. Men and women would sit beside us, lovingly holding hands. Just out of reach, never hearing us, but they would smile every time they chose to sit near. Though I hath tried, I was never as bright as her. I could not be. I never knew how she did it. *[Pause]* And then came those fools. Tarnished, envious hearts they have. All of them. I know. That is why they broke her precious roots. Her smile, her golden light, disappeared in front of me. And I could do nothing to stop it. Now all I bear are fruits. But not of labor, nor passion. Fruits of regret. *[Pause]* Oh, dearest. Please. Please, I beg that you are safe. Sally.

> 

> **Dr. Darrell:** I see. But, like I've asked, do you have any details about those who kidnapped your sister?

> 

> **SCP-8129:** Their faces I shan't remember. All I know is rage now, and I hope those deformed monsters of men burn in never-ending ember. All I ask is to see my dearest again. *[Pause]* Sally. Oh, Sally.

> 

> **Dr. Darrel:** Of course. I'm... really sorry. *[Pause]* God, it must've been so hard. I can't even... imagine...

> 

> *[At this point, Dr. Darrell is showing signs of minor hysteria and breaks down crying.]*

> 

> *[End log.]*

**Note:**

> Okay, this might be just a useless experiment, but my curiosity is just getting the better of me now. What if someone who will never be able to feel sad met with her? Just saying.

> - *Doctor Jooseppi Kalervo*

**Interview Log 8129-02:**

> Date: 09/10/19██

> Interviewed: SCP-8129

> Interviewee: [SCP-230](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-230)

> Foreword: For the purposes of this interview, SCP-230 was handcuffed, and equipped with a full hazmat suit beforehand to not let Compound-███ spread. He was led into the containment chamber without any "telekill" equipment by armed Security Officer Andrew Miller. Interview conducted by Doctor Kalervo.

> 

> *[Begin log.]*

> 

> **SCP-230:** *[Grunts]* Orange does **not** look good on me. You guys must have at least a yellow one or something, right?

> 

> **S.O. Miller:** It's what you got. Start talking.

> 

> **SCP-230:** Okay, okay. Jeez, someone woke up on the wrong side of bed, Mister Cranky-Pants. You know,  comfortable fashion and feng shui can turn that frown upside-down. You guys should try it sometime. I read it in a magazine once. *[Pause]* Okay, um, hello? Anyone there? In my brain? Miss Tree? Helloo-oo-oo.

> 

> **SCP-8129:** Hello.

> 

> **SCP-230:** Oh my god, I didn't expect that voice - Hey girlie! How's it hangi-i-ing? Your name's Willow, right? They asked me - well, "asked" is a generous word - to uh, have a lil' chit-chat with you.

> 

> **SCP-8129:** Of course. It is a pleasure to meet one so bright. I have almost forgotten the feeling. In fact, you remind me of my dearest. It is *[Pause]* a true delight.

> 

> **SCP-230:** Oh, you mean your sis, right? That's what I heard - *[Turns to S.O. Miller, speaking in a quieter tone]* Do trees have sisters? Is that a thing?

> 

> **SCP-8129:** Indeed. Sally, my darling. She had petals that could blind the Sun and the whole sky. Turn night to day. *[Pause]* I never had the chance to say goodbye.

> 

> **SCP-230:** Aw, she sounds so adorable!

> 

> **SCP-8129:** She was. I still felt her gentle presence, even after she hath left. But *[Pause]* as of recently, that feeling started to fade. Night after night, I hear screams. I know not of what. Could it be my soul, shrieking? *[Pause]* It almost feels like the parts I had kept with me, hath started to break. Reflections sullied by something. Something I cannot see.

> 

> **SCP-230:** Oh, babe, now you're just using words I don't understand. *[Laughs]* I was never really a poetry guy-

> 

> **Dr. Kalervo:** Try and keep a more professional demeanor.

> 

> **SCP-230:** Oh you guys are so afraid of fun, I swear. Whatever. What were you saying?

> 

> **SCP-8129:** I fear that *[Pause]* my dearest might be long gone.

> 

> *[From this point onward, SCP-8129 has refused to engage in any attempts at conversation. SCP-230 was brought back to Site-██, and the containment chamber of SCP-8129 has been cleared of any traces of Compound-███ that may have been exposed to the air]*

> 

> *[End log.]*

</details>

---

**Addendum 8129-01:** After the conclusion of Interview 8129-02, for a consequent seven (7) month period, SCP-8129 has been reluctant to participate in any further interviews and has maintained a non-communicative status, with the exception of repeating the following phrase at random intervals:

> The stars are not wanted now, put out every one

> Pack up the moon and dismantle the sun

> Pour away the ocean and sweep up the wood

> For nothing now can ever come to any good

Additionally, the amount and force of telepathic waves produced by SCP-8129 have seemed to drastically increase, with a heavy concentration of them filling up its containment chamber. Said changes have also applied to SCP-8129-1.

**Addendum 8129-02:** Nine (9) months after the conclusion of Interview 8129-02, SCP-8129 along with SCP-8129-1 has undergone a process of its leaves and bark fading in hue, becoming shades of grey, which lasted for approximately two (2) months. After the process was complete, all traces of telepathic waves have seemingly disappeared. Both instances were officially classified as neutralized. Permission to examine the biological makeup of SCP-8129 and SCP-8129-1 was granted by site directors.

**Addendum 8129-03:** On 02/04/20██, Field Agent █████ ███████ reported Foundation web crawler findings of online chat room conversations between one Aster Macauley (under the username "BigA99") and ██████ ████ (under the username "Bobby Walker"), who is currently believed to be a member of GoI-012 ("Marshall, Carter & Dark, Ltd."). Logs consisted of the following:

> ###e09200|**BigA99**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|hey, is this the Bobby I talked to last week about that tree?##

>

> ###e09200|**Bobby Walker**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|Hello, yes. Have you made up your mind?##

>

> ###e09200|**BigA99**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|well idk. how do I know your not just lying to me? like my mom believes in magic and stuff but idk about a tree that makes you happy##

>

> ###e09200|**Bobby Walker**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|Sir, I swear on my life, it's true. Many people have already seen it, felt it, and it worked. You'll see for yourself once you buy it. And once you get it, you can't live without it##

>

> ?

>

> Hello?

>

> ###e09200|**BigA99**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|idk man##

>

> ###e09200|**Bobby Walker**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|That's alright. No worries, sir. I'll let you think about it a bit more##

>

> but just so you know, there is someone else who has already asked for it, and if I don't hear from you for the next 24 hours, I'm afraid I'll have to give it to them

>

> ###e09200|**BigA99**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|Wait. ok, ill buy it##

>

> how much is it again

>

> ###e09200|**Bobby Walker**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|Perfect. It's 16,000 for the product, 1,500 for the installation and 400 for the shipping##

>

> ###e09200|**BigA99**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|god##

>

> okay. whtever

>

> ###e09200|**Bobby Walker**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|***[DATA EXPUNGED]***##

>

> ###e09200|**BigA99**## ###4788ff|Seen 03/10##

> ##black|ok, ill be there at 3##

>

> ~~-~~-

> ###e09200|**BigA99**## ###4788ff|Seen 07/10##

> ##black|Holy shit Im so glad I bought it, this thing actually works. yall are real magicians m8##

>

> ###e09200|**Bobby Walker**## ###4788ff|Seen 07/10##

> ##black|It's our pleasure, sir. Enjoy it##

>

> ~~-~~-

> ###e09200|**BigA99**## ###4788ff|Seen 19/11##

> ##black|hey. I know its been a bit, but what tf did yall sell me??##

>

> istg I keep hearing shit whenever I walk near the tree. did you do something to it?

>

> and im not even happy anymore. wtf is going on????

>

> hello? I want a refund

>

> ##red|[ You have been blocked by this user. They are not able to see your messages ]##

Shortly after, Macauley's home address was tracked down, and a research team was dispatched. Nothing of note was found on the premises, save for a large mass of ash and charcoal that was later determined to be the remains of a *cassia fistula* Golden Shower tree  via charcoal and chemical analysis. Macauley was brought into Foundation custody. Interrogation is ongoing.

<< [SCP-8128](SCP-8128) | SCP-8129 | [SCP-8130](SCP-8130) >>

> **Filename:** WeepingWillow.jpg

> **Author:** [N Chadwick](https://www.geograph.org.uk/profile/3101)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Weeping_Willow_by_the_Cam_-_geograph.org.uk_-_4791183.jpg

> **Notes:** Edited, sizing CSS style components used.
