**Item #:** SCP-8313

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All remaining regular attendants of Westwood St. Church of Christ have been amnesticized. Further containment is not necessary, as SCP-8313 is expected to conclude naturally in the near future.

**Description:** SCP-8313 refers to Westwood St. Church of Christ's 1998 trip to Good Brook Bible Camp A six-acre campground in Eschar, Tennessee., which has continued uninterrupted for 27 years as of 2025. Prior to their amnesticization, members of Westwood St. did not appear to find the length of the camping trip noteworthy, and would donate canned goods and bottled water each Summer. No notable behavior has been observed in the church post-amnesticization.

SCP-8313 began on 7/12/98, and was planned to end on 7/24/98. On that date, however, campers and facilitators merely repeated their schedule from one week prior, seemingly unaware the trip had exceeded its intended thirteen-day duration.

"*Dear God,*

*Thank you for this day. Thank you for all you have given us. Thank you for letting us all come to camp together in your name.*

*Today we learnd that you always have a plan for us even if something doesnt make sense right now. I hope you have a plan for my new baby brother becus he STINKS BAD!*

*OK Im gonna go play soccer now I love you God!*"

- Lucy Anderson, Camper, Age 11

Recovered prayer journal, 7/24/98.

On 8/21/98, Latasha Robins, a camp organizer, noticed dwindling supplies. Believing this to be due to a missing delivery, she sent a fax to Westwood St. Church of Christ alerting them to the issue, to which they responded by apologizing for the missing supplies and sending a large parcel of canned goods and bottled water. This process repeated for several months, until January 1999, when Westwood St. accused the camp of mishandling the deliveries. From then until June of 2004, Westwood would not send supplies to Good Brook outside of fundraiser drives each summer, and camp counselors began hunting and foraging for food. Good Brook Bible Camp had completely expended first aid and medical supplies by early 2001.

"*Dear God,*

*Thank you for this day. thank you for giving us more food today even thow it tastes iky.*

*my friend Sally is still in her bed today since she broke her foot. The cownselers say they dont have any bandajes anymore so she needs longer to feel better. So make her feel better soon ok? I want us to play soccer again!!!*"

- Lucy Anderson, Camper, Age 14

Recovered prayer journal, 4/8/01

In June 2004, The Foundation became aware of SCP-8313 after an out-of-state visitor to the town of Eschar questioned their annual fundraiser and contacted local authorities. Amnestics were delivered, and direct surveillance of the campground begun.

The first known death during SCP-8313 followed soon after. On 7/28/2004, Victor Bartholomew, an 82-year-old deacon, fell in his cabin, cracking his skull. With nobody nearby to notice his injury, Bartholomew died later that day.

"*Dear God,*

*Mr Bart was asleep all day so we got to watch the new veggie tales instead of hearing his sermon! Thanks for making him fall asleep so long!*"

- Lucy Anderson, Camper, Age 17

Recovered prayer journal, 7/29/04

From 2004 to 2009, camper and counselor deaths averaged 1 per year, increasing to 3.22 a year from 2010 to 2019.

*"Dear God,*

*All my friends are sleepyheads!!! Im the only one in my cabin who woke up this morning. Its ok if that makes me your favrite but forgive everyone else ok? I wont be happy in heven if I dont get to see them!*

*Can you send us more food to eat too? Misses Carter cooks us for us but she was asleep today too! The cownselers tried to make me eat raw fish... gross!*"

- Lucy Anderson, Camper, Age 27

Recovered prayer journal, 7/29/14

Deaths rapidly accelerated beginning in 2020, due to both the continued deterioration of the campground and the emergence of Covid-19, which counselors were unaware of and unequipped for. By 2023, SCP-8313 had only eight remaining participants - two counselors and six campers - out of its original sixty.

"*Dear God,*

*Today at camp was really scary! All my friends were sleeping all day and I couldnt see any of them. it looks so empty. I miss my mommy and daddy and even my baby brother. Can you tell them I miss them?*

*I cant wait to go home. Mr Tomson says its ok if I sleep the rest of today so I will. Ive been so so sleepy all week. Sorry God!*"

- Lucy Anderson, Camper, Age 36

Final recovered prayer journal, 10/11/23.

The final remaining counselor died on 7/6/2025. With only three campers remaining, and resources completely expended, SCP-8313 is expected to conclude later this month.

<< [SCP-8312](SCP-8312) | SCP-8313 | [SCP-8314](SCP-8314) >>

> **Filename:** camp.jpg

> **Name:** "Abandoned Camp"

> **Author:** figishe2

> **License:** CC BY-NC-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/99da573b-4958-4e0c-9fd1-4d3e6d6cc953?q=abandoned+camp&p=5
