**SCP-8474** - Freedom

**Author:** 

⚠️ **Content warning:** drugging, misogyny, emotional abuse and explicit sexual abuse.

[local lesbian commie's author page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local-lesbian-commie-s-secret-hideout)

=====

=====

@@@@

@@@@

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION

The following document is archived and describes a now *Decommissioned* item.

@@@@

@@@@

**Item #:** SCP-8474

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The maternal tradition is to be encouraged by the Department of Continuity, and a webcrawler has been set to monitor the activity of hospitals and therapeutic centers to detect possible victims of SCP-8474.

All victims are to be relocated to a rehabilitation center and given appropriate disciplinary action. Persistent inadequate behavior is to be followed by indefinite sedation, and health check-ups are to be conducted daily and restricted to one man.

Mnestics are to be dosed following reeducation.

**Description:** SCP-8474 is a mind-affecting phenomenon known by its unprecedented impact on the world's birth rate in the past few centuries. It is mainly characterized by a biological female's unwillingness to accept a gestation. 

In order to accelerate the recovery from all the damage caused by SCP-8474, the Department of Biology and Medical Science is now working on the development of new forms of childbirth.

@@@@

@@@@

---

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-8473](SCP-8473) | SCP-8474| [SCP-8475](SCP-8475) >>

@@@@

---

@@@@

@@@@

> **Filame:** BERGEN-MEETING copy.png

> **Author:** Ricdaguiar

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [> **Filename:** 54277792467_1720f2db1d_o.jpg

> **Name:** parasita

> **Author:** [[*user local lesbian commie](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Development_Alternatives_with_Women_for_a_New_Era#/media/File:BERGEN-MEETING_copy.png])]

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://flic.kr/p/2qGkSG4)

> **Additional Notes:** This image is a mashup.

> **Derivative Of:** 

> **Filename:** X-ray of ground glass density of the skull by renal osteodystrophy.jpg

> **Authors:** Anish A. Patel, Rohit Ramanathan, Joshua Kuban, and Marc H. Willis

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [> **Filename:** CRL Crown rump length 12 weeks ecografia Dr. Wolfgang Moroder.jpg

> **Author:**  Wolfgang Moroder

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** <https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:CRL_Crown_rump_length_12_weeks_ecografia_Dr._Wolfgang_Moroder.jpg](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Renal_osteodystrophy#/media/File:X-ray_of_ground_glass_density_of_the_skull_by_renal_osteodystrophy.jpg>)
