**Item #:** SCP-8583

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8583 is to be kept in the General Research office of Site-██, where it is to be used *strictly* by site personnel trained to utilize its functions for the betterment of the Foundation.

**Description**: SCP-8583 is a toy slot machine about six inches in length, three inches in width, and eight inches in height, comprised of plastic and aluminum. It is decorated with paper stickers mimicking the appearance and style of an older model slot machine. A small lever, which is slightly damaged due to wear and tear, is mounted on the right-hand side of SCP-8583. 

It has two coin acceptors, one of which is on the front, and the other of which is on the top. A coin hopper is present near the bottom of the front face.

A small red LED light is mounted atop SCP-8583's case, but it seems to be out-of-order, only functioning in rare instances (see Addendum).

Shaking SCP-8583 produces the sound of coins, although upon disassembling SCP-8583, there are none present within. Further, disassembling and reassembling SCP-8583 appears to have no bearing on its functioning or its anomalous properties, so long as the basic parts remain in place.

There are three slots on SCP-8583's front face. Each slot has five panels which display (in order): 

* two cherries connected on a stem with one cherry sliced in half with the pit intact

* three cherries connected on a stem

* a dollar sign

* a black box with the text "BAR" in white

* a number seven

To play, the individual operating SCP-8583 must insert any coin amount and pull the lever, as per usual with slot machines. The slots will spin for three seconds total, stopping one by one. Depending on the outcome, the operator will either *lose* the coins if they did not roll a winning combination, *reclaim* their coins if they won by rolling three duplicate non-seven panels or two duplicate panels and a bar, *double* their coins if they won by only rolling bars and sevens, or the most successful outcome, *tripling* their coins by rolling three sevens.

Winnings are dispensed through the hopper slot, usually taking around 1-3 seconds to roll down.

SCP-8583's anomalous properties only manifest if the individual who pulls the lever of the slot machine did not insert any coins. If this happens, the person who pulled the lever will have whatever they were just thinking about erased from their memory. After this happens, each slot will show a completely blank face which does not appear during regular play, and which disappears after being operated normally. 

Following this, coins will roll down and exit through the hopper. The amount of coins seems to depend upon how important the memory was to the operator of SCP-8583. Examples of the value of memories can be found within the reports in the addendum of this file.

While SCP-8583's properties cause loss of specific memories, said memories are not impossible to be regained if the subject re-experiences whatever was lost; for example, someone whose memory of a fact was lost can re-learn that fact.

As of 12/11/20██, Dr. Tetri and Dr. Rudas of Site-██'s General Research team are assigned to SCP-8583's safekeeping and testing procedures following the retirement of Dr. M████.

****Addendum****

---

RESULTS OF ANOMALOUS PROPERTIES TESTING on SCP-8583

EXERPTS TAKEN FROM SESSIONS UP TO 10/13/20██

Site-██ General Research

= **SESSION #1**

---

**DATE/TIME: 6/12/██, 9:15 AM** 

**SUBJECT: D-9185** 

Middle aged male, reported former struggles with gambling. Was surveilled from his cell prior to testing participation.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**9:16 AM** 

Subject is instructed to think of "an unimportant memory," then activate SCP-8583 by pulling the lever.

Subject declares he is thinking of what he had for breakfast, then activates SCP-8583. Two cents in change are ejected via the hopper.

When prompted for what he had for breakfast, subject states that he doesn't remember.

**9:17 AM**

Subject is shown what he had for breakfast (toast and baked beans). Subject states that he has no recollection of eating it, or anything at all for breakfast, but acknowledges that he doesn't feel hungry.

**9:18 AM**

Subject is instructed to think of one or both of his parents and repeat the procedure. Subject expresses panic, and stands up out of his chair.

Dr. M████ requests security escort for D-9185.

---

[END LOG]

= **SESSION #7**

---

**DATE/TIME: 6/30/██, 11:49 AM** 

**SUBJECT: Dr. Smithson, accompanied by Dr. M████** 

Young adult female. Volunteered to help after preparing a list from the 2017 edition of "Ripley's Believe It Or Not," a collection of eccentric facts about the world

**NOTE**

Dr. Smithson went on leave shortly after the events of the test.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**11:50 AM** 

Subject recounts an entry about "sweaty robots" created by UK designer Kevin Grennan, and activates SCP-8583. One cent is dispensed.

Subject recounts another entry about a Dutch student who found a share of the East India Trading Company 200 years after its disbandment, and activates SCP-8583. Two cents are dispensed.

**11:51 AM**

Subject recounts an entry about a Chinese man who bought 99,999 roses for his fiancée. She makes a passing comment about her own husband. Subject activates SCP-8583, and $917,491.44 dollars in change (mostly half-dollar coins) are dispensed over the span of thirty seconds.

Subject is asked by Dr. M████ why the information about the Chinese man was so important to her as the coins continue to spill. She says that maybe it had something to do with the amount of roses. Dr. M████ asks her if she might have accidentally been thinking of her husband.

**11:52 AM**

Subject has no recollection of her husband.

 

---

[END LOG]

= **SESSION #23**

---

**DATE/TIME: 9/26/██, 5:25 PM** 

**SUBJECT: Sirius ██████** 

Former D-Class, cleared for memory scrubbing and release after legal re-evaluation 9 days after this test. Teenager with troubled family life.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**5:25 AM** 

SCP-8583's nature is explained to subject. Subject, without prompting or any verbal response, activates SCP-8583 with a pained expression on their face.

> Researcher's note: "This was likely some kind of negative repressed memory having to do with their family life, given the events following."

SCP-8583 rattles, and the lever locks up.

**POST-TEST**

SCP-8583's lever was not able to be pulled, and thus the anomaly's properties were not able to be activated for 9 days while Foundation staff tried to repair and restore it. It required a total of $101,414.51 in change. 

This marked the first time that SCP-8583 would take money rather than give it, as the memory had "negative value" to the subject, as speculated by Dr. M████.

Administrator █████████ approved funding, but commented, "This dumbass slot machine had better be worth it."

Secretary █████████ was assigned to filling SCP-8583 with coins, much to his displeasure. While checking to see if the lever worked, it succeeded. He completely forgot about the task, walking away in confusion and returning to his regular duties.

 

---

[END LOG]

= **SESSION #25**

---

**DATE/TIME: 10/7/██, 5:25 PM** 

**SUBJECT: Dr. M████** 

Head (former) of Site-██'s General Research department and SCP-8583's testing regiments.

**NOTE**

Part of the information within this log is a verbal account from Dr. M████, whose sanity had been called into question following the test.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**BETWEEN 5:25 AM AND 6:51 AM** 

Subject was experimenting with SCP-8583 using various types of information and memories, spanning around an hour of time spent doing so.

Subject absentmindedly looked into a mirror on his desk right before activating SCP-8583.

Subject experienced severe mental distress and depersonalization.

> Researcher's note: Dr. M████'s account ends here.

**6:51 AM**

Dr. Tetri overheard commotion from Subject's office and quickly called in security.

Subject was retrieved by security without issue and escorted to the onsite medical center, where he was treated for self-inflicted facial lacerations.

**POST-TEST**

Dr. M████ would retire following the events of this test to spend his remaining years in the care of an elderly home. Psychic repair was attempted following memory scrubbing, to relative success. Due to the concerns raised by this incident, testing of SCP-8583 is currently on hold as of 10/13/20██.

 

---

[END LOG]

---

<< [SCP-8582](SCP-8582) | SCP-8583 | [SCP-8584](SCP-8584) >>

> **Filename:** ig9nzDT.png

> **Author:** 

> **Source Link:** [Imgur](https://imgur.com/gallery/8583-GYpXSPJ)
