.dyna-email > .footer-box {

    margin-top: 1em;

}

.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", 'Bradley Hand ITC', sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

.missionreportdiv {

background: linear-gradient(to bottom, #fdfdfd, #f5f5dc);

color: #333;

font-family: 'Courier New', Courier, monospace;

border: 1px solid #999999;

border-radius: 10px;

padding: 10px 10px;

margin-bottom: 10px;

box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

}

.agentchat {

background: #D3D3D3;

color: black;

margin-left: auto;

font-family: 'Spline Sans', Arial;

font-weight: bold;

max-width: 24rem;

padding: 0.6rem 2rem;

border-radius: 7px;

margin-bottom: 3rem;

box-shadow: 0 2px 4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

}

.teamleadchat {

background: #c74b4b;

color: black;

margin-right: auto;

font-family: 'Spline Sans', Arial;

font-weight: bold;

max-width: 24rem;

padding: 0.6rem 2rem;

border-radius: 7px;

margin-bottom: 3rem;

box-shadow: 0 2px 4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

}

.researcherchat {

background: #ADD8E6;

color: black;

margin-left: auto;

font-family: sans-serif;

font-weight: bold;

max-width: 24rem;

padding: 0.6rem 2rem;

border-radius: 7px;

margin-bottom: 3rem;

}

.announcementdiv {

border:solid 3px #999999; 

background:#4cbb17; 

padding:6px; 

margin-bottom: 10px;

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** All aurochsA species of undomesticated cattle that was hunted into extinction in the early 17th century in Eurasia. are under surveillance by provisional research team “Homestead” within separate housing containers on-site. Experimentation to artificially reproduce the primary effect of SCP-8646 and all attempts to breed on-site cattle have failed. 

**Description:** SCP-8646 is the spontaneous appearance of *Bos primigenius* Or, aurochs.  within a 100 kilometer radius centered around the Amish settlement of Stolton, Texas. This effect occurs during spring following lights in the sky comparable to Aurora Borealis upon a hill near Stolton. The rate of appearance within local herds of dairy cattle is estimated to be approximately one aurochs per 100 head of cattle; as such, there are five identified and contained living aurochs within the radius.

**Discovery:**

Cody,

Please see attached dossier for the upcoming assignment. The 2018 Regional Hume Level Census initially reported minimally significant levels within an area north of Junction, Texas. Following investigations into the area, a local veterinary document showed an odd report of a specimen matching an extinct breed. While it has not yet leaked to the general public, we have decided to send in an agent covertly to work alongside local farmers and investigate the production of this extinct species. A seasonal position has been obtained at a local dairy farm in Stolton for these purposes.

As a reminder, following your recent failures in containing SCP-█████ and SCP-████, you have been placed on probation. You will be required to send in consistent mission reports and recordings that carefully document your investigative actions. This assignment seems simple and much of the legwork has already been done for you. This could prove itself well as a final chance to remediate your past errors.

Thanks,

Carol,

This must be some sort of prank. You know those previous assignments were the responsibility of Agent ███████- I did my job perfectly well. I signed up for this job under the assumption that I’d be dealing with larger anomalies. I’m ready for whatever is thrown my way, please don’t just send me out to the boonies on some nothing job.

Jr. Agent Cody,

Upon seeing your continued insubordination, we are considering rethinking your probation. The aforementioned assignments were markedly outside of normal parameters of success in protecting both the anomalies and the public due to your actions. Senior Agent Schmidt has gone above and beyond what is required in giving you another chance in this case- you should intreat her with the respect deserved. We have deemed this chance worthwhile despite our better judgment because of Agent Schmidt’s insistence that you have had potential to become a top performing agent. Please reconsider taking this assignment- the farm work could be good for your apparent dereliction of responsibility. 

The rest of the details are in the dossier. Please reach out with any questions.

Thanks,

#### **ASSIGNMENT IS ACCEPTED**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Date:** 5/1/2018

**Agent Notes:** Preparing to begin the investigation into the surveyed anomalous cattle. Meeting the local farm owner today. Attempting to complete this assignment promptly.

---

= **BEGIN LOG**

[high pitched ringing of brakes, shoes crunching on gravel]

**Jezreel:** Howdy there! You must be the new help. Glad to welcome you.

[long silence, horse neighs and stamps heard faintly]

**Jezreel:** You don’t quite look the farmhand type. What’s your name again?

**Cody:** Nice to meet you. Cody Sparkovsky. Apologies if I don’t quite meet your expectations.

**Jezreel:** Jezreel. Let me shake your hand… Golly, your hands are soft.

**Cody:** Yeah. My boss seems to think that it would be good for me to do some farm work. It wasn’t necessarily my first idea.

**Jezreel:** Huh. It sort of reminds me of back in the day when kids like you- well-meaning kids, but pretty useless, were brought up from the city. We used to put them to work. A few hours of haying has made men out of boys. They even used to send my city cousins in for a month or two for “character building-” 

**Cody:** I’m not a child, and I’d appreciate it if you didn’t treat me like one.

**Jezreel:** [laughing] Sure, big man. I guess even I had to start somewhere. Anyway, let me show you around the place.

[cattle lowing]

**Jezreel:** Oi! Kinner!Children in Pennsylvania Dutch. Run inside, let me show Cody here the ropes.

[children laughing and running on the gravel]

**Cody:** Wow, you have quite a few kids.

**Jezreel:** Yep, I love them to death. I’d do anything to protect these young’ns- let's introduce you to my others. 

[cattle get increasingly louder]

**Jezreel:** As you can see, this is the herd. This one here is my prized steer, Jeb.

**Cody:** Pretty impressive. He looks to be a head taller than any of your others here- and that's a very impressive set of horns. How long have you had him?

**Jezreel:** He’s been with us a few years, I grew him from a calf. My cousin Frederic from Stuttgart came out last here, he says that this breed shouldn’t be possible. We’ve had a couple of Jebs in these parts for a few years now. I can show you the documents when we get inside, if you want.

**Cody:** I’m going to grab a picture-

**Jezreel:** Hey bud, we don’t do that around here, if you please.

**Cody:** What?

**Jezreel:** We’re not too keen on getting recorded out here. Keeps our way of living separate, safe. Especially most recently, there’s been a couple of insidious cattle traders causing an uproar in these parts, trying to spy out and get our land. They’ve always been a thorn in my side. It’s alright, though, you couldn’t have known.

**Cody:** Would you mind telling me more about these-

[loud squelching, uproarious laughter]

**Jezreel:** Oh, man, you really don’t know your way around a farm if you’re stepping right in the manure.

**Cody:** Hmph.

**Jezreel:** Humbling, isn’t it? Well, you did get out here later than I expected. We’ll get started in the morning… Where will you be staying the night again? We’ve got a spare room open if you need it.

**Cody:** I’ll just stay in my truck, thank you.

= **AUDIO ENDS**

= **MISSION REPORT #1**

**DATE:** 5/1/2018

**NAME:** Cody Sparkovsky, Agent on Probation

**SUMMARY:** DNA Evidence has been collected covertly from local specimen and sent into site research to determine anomalous levels and confirm the species.

**PROGRESS:** Local specimen must be examined to determine the necessity and viability of containment.

**VISIBILITY:** Veil has been upheld.

Cody,

Please put the proper amount of effort into forthcoming mission reports. The intent of these mission reports is not just to show what is done, but to prove to us that you are taking the proper procedures into account. We do not want a repeat of your past failures.

Thanks,

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Date:** 5/2/2018

**Agent Notes:** Multiple days have passed with little occuring. Harvesting hay today will be opportune for interviewing the local farm owner. Still awaiting results from DNA and anomalous content testing.

---

= **BEGIN LOG**

[loud knocking on van’s cabin door]

**Cody:** [groans] Oh joy, another day. The things I do for the Foundation.

**Jezreel:** Up and at ‘em! Cows won’t milk themselves.

**Cody:** Here we go…

= **AUDIO DEAFENED BY THE SOUND OF DAIRY MACHINERY**

**Jezreel:** WE’RE ALMOST DONE WITH THIS, AFTERWARDS WE’RE STARTING HAYING.

**Cody:** WHAT?

[clanging of milk can falling over]

**Cody:** [groans]

**Jezreel:** C’MON, BOY. THAT STUFF’S GOLD. I SAID-

[barn door slides closed]

**Jezreel:** We’ll be haying today. I’ll go get the horse and thresher ready. Before that- I’m keeping you on here as a favor at this point. I’ve told you how to do this proper.

**Cody:** Maybe if your floors weren’t such a mess-

**Jezreel:** Little and often make much. Stop biting the hand that feeds you, son. Let’s get this field done, it feels like rain’s coming.

[slow clopping of hooves]

**Cody:** I really don’t know how you keep doing this year round.

**Jezreel:** [snickering] Sure thing, soft hands. We’ve gotta keep going to keep bread on the table. Got to provide.

**Cody:** Well, sure, but it seems like a lot of work to keep up a backwards way of living. Like, aren’t you all not supposed to use electricity?

**Jezreel:** Goodness, you’re even more of a straight shooter than I am. It may seem backwards to you, I suppose, but this is our way of life. It’s simple, not backwards. We keep it as best we can.

**Cody:** Fair enough.

**Jezreel:** My mother Alvira- she’s passed on now- always said that we have to protect the old ways. Too many young ones running off.

**Cody:** I can respect that, I guess. There is a right way to do things.

**Cody:** So, how long have you been doing this?

**Jezreel:** I’m past my prime. I’ve been going on at least… 30 years. That’s a couple generations of cows here; my dad had another like Jeb, I liked to call him Jeb Sr. I’d be retired by now, but. Well. After Mark moved out…

[pause]

**Jezreel:** Well, Mark didn’t move out, really. He ran off on his rumspringa.An Amish tradition where 16-18 year olds experience the secular world and choose whether or not to return to the Amish community and faith It’s been tough to keep the farm going, the youngest are too young to lift a plow or rein in a horse.

**Cody:** Huh. 

**Jezreel:** It’s a part of living- some folks don’t take responsibility too well. Well, Mark was my fault, though. Maybe if I had just been more careful. Anyway, why are you so curious?

**Cody:** It’s probably best if I don’t say. I did hear rumors about the aurochs here and wanted to see them for myself.

**Jezreel:** Hmph. You’re just like Judge, then.

**Cody:** Who’s Judge?

**Jezreel:** Oh, he’s that instigator I was telling you about the other day. He and his family keep snooping around, looking for an opportunity to strike. If he had his way, we’d be gone a long time ago. There have been others, too. I’m concerned about the scrutiny. Maybe you’re like unto them, hm?

**Cody:** Oh, I’m not like him. I’m not trying to bully you all away. I’m like your mother- looking to protect.

**Jezreel:** I’m ribbing you. I trust you. Maybe I like taking in strays too much- but your work ethic thus far has been stellar… Even if you’re making a lot of mistakes.

**Cody:** Thank you- I think. How’d you obtain Jeb? Breeding?

**Jezreel:** No, us from around here like to say they come from over the hill over there. I’ll have to take you up sometime as it’s happening. Probably should show you the caves, too, pretty interesting if you’ve taken a liking to Jeb. 

**Cody:** Sure, I’d love to. You’ve also mentioned a lot about protecting your way of living and the herd here, how do you go about doing it?

**Jezreel:** Well, it’s a hard thing. Us Amish are a peaceful people- pacifists. I don’t own a gun or nothin’. But, I think that's about enough talk, now. How about more heaving bales, if you please.

= **AUDIO LOG ENDS**

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Date:** 5/8/2018

**Agent Notes:** DNA Testing should get back later today. Recording more of the local cattle.

---

= **BEGIN LOG**

[more loud knocking on van’s cabin door]

**Cody:** Ugh, not again.

**Jezreel:** Up and at ‘em, young’n! Gotta get them cows done.

= **AUDIO DEAFENED BY THE SOUND OF DAIRY MACHINERY**

**Jezreel:** LOOKING GOOD THERE. STEADY.

**Cody:** YEAH.

[clunking as Jezreel kicks milkcan]

**Cody:** CAREFUL! GOT IT!

[loud mooing, kick]

**Cody:** OUGH

[barn door slides shut]

**Jezreel:** Pretty good job, today, Cody.

**Cody:** Wipe that grin off your face. This hurts.

**Jezreel:** At least we know you can learn from your mistakes, huh?

[Ford F-150 racing by on gravel]

**Jezreel:** Oh, Lord.

**Jezreel:** [calling] What do y'all want?

[truck door slams shut]

**Judge:** Well, if it isn’t little Jezreel Junior. I’ll be. Had any more thoughts after our last… negotiation?

**Cody:** [into phone] Subject is one rancher, each wearing black 10 gallon hats. Subject is approximately 190 cm tall and appears to be armed.

**Judge:** Y'all have company, Jezreel? Why didn't you invite me? I could've joined y'all.

**Jezreel:** Judge, you and your kind are unwelcome here. That has been made clear.

**Judge:** Oh, c'mon, Jezreel… Have me in for a coffee.

**Jezreel:** We’ll do no such thing, Judge. We can talk out here. Cody, run along home, I can handle this.

**Cody:** I’ll stay.

**Judge:** Oho, big man! Well, I'm just a-quaking in my steel-toed boots.

[tense silence ensues]

**Judge:** Well, Junior, y’all know why I’m coming. Us family talked, and the check this time is looking as big as the sky is wide. Trust you me, Jez, this here is an offer you can’t refuse. I've got a mighty hankering for a good, tasty aurochs burger, y'hear?

**Cody:** They’re not looking to se-

**Judge:** And who asked your opinion, young’n?

[Cody's hand slides down towards firearm]

**Judge:** Oh, you don't want to do that, now.

**Cody:** I don't think you know me well enough to know that, Judge.

[loud loading of shotgun]

**Jezreel:** Judge, please, let's settle this civilly. Mind the children inside.

**Judge:** I’ll be back- and I'll be bringing some company along. We’ll be getting what we’re wanting. Hope your dog's bite is as loud as his bark, Jezzy!

[F150 door slams, tires spin on gravel, speeds off]

**Cody:** [brushing off] Well, that went well.

**Jezreel:** Are you serious? This farm’s been in my family for six generations- and you risked it when I told you I could handle it?

**Cody:** Woah. I didn’t think I had done anything wro-

**Jezreel:** Done nothing wrong? Done nothing… Wrong?

[long sigh, drawn out silence]

**Jezreel:** You may be a hard worker, boy, but you are something else when it comes to taking responsibility. Ducking and dodging like a rattlesnake. If you were my son, or my mother’s, there’d be a whooping waiting, you cocky whippersnapper.

**Cody:** I didn’t realize the issues with Judge were so deep. I’m sorry.

**Jezreel:** Sorry doesn’t cut it sometimes, kid. I mean, it didn’t cut it with Mark, for me- I might as well have lost a son.

[silence]

**Jezreel:** I suppose getting angry with you won’t help, it didn’t help back then either. I ought to tell you about Judge. I understand where you’re coming from, stubborn, cocky, think you’ve got this all figured out, even though you don’t have a clue. That’s how Judge and I were, years ago. Competitive to a T, seeing who could grow our farm, his ranch. We grew up together, learned to farm together.

**Cody:** I’m not that inexperienced.

**Jezreel:** Just- listen in. Judge got mixed up with the… wrong sort of folks. Things got hairy, and the next thing I know it went from a friendly rivalry to death threats at my door. Something about this new boss. He’s scared, and cornered cats cause a lot of hurt. It’s these darned aurochs, they’re just too valuable.

**Cody:** I mean, I’ll be here to protect- it’s not like I’m a pacifist like you.

**Jezreel:** Maybe you will be here, maybe you won’t. Either way, this farm isn’t yours to mess up. This is my livelihood, how I put food on the table for my kids, how I keep rarities like Jeb safe. You’ve got to be careful with things that aren’t yours. This world doesn’t rotate around you.

**Cody:** Shit.

**Jezreel:** Watch your tongue.

**Cody:** No, I just.

**Cody:** Growing up, it felt like I couldn’t do anything wrong. The world is my oyster or something. I guess I haven’t had much to care about except my talent, my potential, my success. Even recently, I was supposed to be the best. Top of my class.

**Jezreel:** Well, I only made it through 8th grade, but sure, I get it.

**Cody:** Still. I guess I- I haven’t really faced failure before. Most of the problems around me have been the result of someone else

**Jezreel:** I hear you. I remember being like you, growing up next to Judge. I thought I could do no wrong- almost bankrupted the farm doing just that when the recession hit in the 80’s. Hardly made it through. There’s an old saying my father told me: “No man is so wise that he knows everything, nor is any man so stupid he knows nothing.” Thinking you’ve got this world all figured out is going to get you nowhere. Be humble and learn.

**Cody:** Hm.

**Jezreel:** I’m probably getting too preachy. I should let you sleep on it.

**Cody:** Sure. I’ve got some things to think on.

**Jezreel:** And one more thing- You better be here to get this right when Judge returns. Even I’m worried about the coming storm. Judge has changed... a lot since when we were young'ns.

**Cody:** You bet.

= **AUDIO LOG ENDS**

= **MISSION REPORT #2**

**DATE:** 5/8/2018

**NAME:** Cody Sparkovsky, Agent on Probation

**SUMMARY:** Relations with both local ranchers and the local farm owner have unfortunately decayed due to failed negotiations with local ranchers. Continued reassurance with the local farm owner has smoothed over relations rapidly. This relationship will be significant to investigate the source of the aurochs; the local farm owner has reaffirmed his commitment in further communication to explore the caves and hill in near proximity. Local rancher’s past threats toward the farm have been produced and are concerning, the local farmer's assessment of this threat has been underestimated due to their past relationship.

To continue investigating the source of the aurochs, contemporary Hume level surveying equipment has drawn nominal readings, but has indicated slight anomalous activity in the area. Mnestic and anticognitohazardous measures have been taken proactively to prevent risk of failure as in previous assignments.

**PROGRESS:** Local specimen DNA testing has returned as non-anomalous but is highly coveted merchandise if leaked to the public any further. It has been confirmed alongside the original veterinary report that this is an aurochs. The source of the local aurochs is still indeterminate and therefore not yet containable.

**VISIBILITY:** Veil has been upheld. The local interest into the aurochs is understatedly concerning and it is unknown how disastrously this scrutiny would grow if it gained traction publicly. Covert operations have continued without risk of compromise.

Cody,

Please proceed with caution in proceedings with this assignment. These circumstances are reminiscent of past failures. We do not want to risk failing to protect either the aurochs or the local population. Additionally, the failed negotiations with the local ranchers have been noted and are concerning beyond just your actions. Remain vigilant against this group.

Carol,

Understood. I can see how this assignment matches previous failures. I will proceed with caution.

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Date:** 5/13/2018

**Agent Notes:** Exploring the caves. Recording as much as possible while remaining covert. Will continue updating.

---

= **BEGIN LOG**

[more loud knocking on van’s cabin door]

**Jezreel:** Let’s go, let’s go! Got the cows done early so we can trek out to the caves.

**Cody:** I’m already up, I finished some other chores done for you. Let’s head out.

**Jezreel:** Great. I’ll give you directions and meet you there. I doubt you’ll want to wait up for the buggy.

**Cody:** Sounds fine to me.

= **AUDIO CUT FOR 30 MINUTES FOR BREVITY**

**Cody:** Took you a while.

**Jezreel:** You don’t have to get everywhere quickly, son.

**Cody:** We’re heading in. I’m not sure what this will be. But, this might be the anomalous source we’re looking for.

**Jezreel:** Who are you talking to?

**Cody:** Hm? Oh, just talking to myself. Alright, let’s go-

= **AUDIO CUTS OUT**

= **MISSION REPORT #3**

**DATE:** 5/13/2018

**NAME:** Cody Sparkovsky, Agent on Probation

**SUMMARY:** Audio recording and video recording equipment has failed in proximity to the cave system. Re-testing of audio equipment post-expedition has shown no signs of damage or disrepair. The cave contains 30 skeletons of Aurochs, although 18 skeletons are markedly different, appearing to be of a different species entirely. All skeletons have been arranged precisely. Further discoveries have included a mural spanning approximately 3 meters in height by 4 meters in width. It displays hundreds of cattle all running towards a star at the top. Local source Jezreel has said that the cave was here long before his family was; they have only continued the tradition by leading aging aurochs here. Aside from the effect blocking recording, there has been little evidence produced of anomalies within. The skeletons and mural have not indicated any signs of anomalous behavior and anomalous testing has been inconclusive. Samples have been collected for further study.

**PROGRESS:** Location of interest has been explored thoroughly. Investigations regarding the source have continued and proven inconclusive.

**VISIBILITY:** Veil has been upheld. However, the local population has been cognizant of the anomaly. It will be difficult to investigate the caves further with their presence. Black vehicles have been spotted in the area irregularly; concerns about encroaching ranchers have grown.

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Date:** 5/16/2018

---

= **BEGIN LOG**

[loud banging on van’s cabin door]

**Cody:** Uhhh… What time is it?

**Jezreel:** C’mon, Cody, you’ve gotta see this.

**Cody:** Why is it so bright? It’s 2 in the morning.

**Cody:** Wow, you can really see the stars out here.

**Jezreel:** Come over here! Look over there.

**Cody:** Woah. It’s beautiful.

**Jezreel:** Maybe you can grab a picture. Just this once.

**Cody:** You sure?

**Jezreel:** Yeah. This is rare- it’s really late in calving season for this.

**Jezreel:** Oh, and here they come.

**Cody:** What do you mean, they?

**Jezreel:** Look.

[the sound of 1000s of cattle stampeding by, bellowing triumphantly]

**Jezreel:** And here he comes.

[the stampeding fades, a single pair of hooves stamps closer]

**Jezreel:** Maybe we were a little… Less than honest with you about where Jeb came from. We like to keep this close to the chest.

**Cody:** I can understand that.

**Jezreel:** I’m glad. 

[grunt as Jezreel picks up an Auroch calf, small moo, faint kiss of Jezreel on the calf’s forehead]

**Jezreel:** Let me tell you this. When Jeb first joined our family 20 some years ago, life was a lot different. Easier. It seemed like the world was my oyster back then. Less failure, but also less experience. Less patience. Maybe if I’d been more patient back then, I wouldn’t have lost…

**Cody:** What?

**Jezreel:** Nevermind. But let me tell you this, Cody. Sometimes, it’s not just about putting your nose to the grindstone. I know you’re like me. Obstinate, like a bull. At some point, something’s got to give, if you're going to protect what you truly care about.

**Cody:** Hm.

**Jezreel:** I’m grateful for the time we’ve had together, Cody.

**Cody:** Where’s this coming from?

**Jezreel:** It’s been good to have someone try to understand, to care. You were already a hard worker, that I figured going in. But now. Hm.

**Cody:** Thanks… I guess.

**Jezreel:** Enough talk. Let’s watch the light fade…

= **AUDIO LOG ENDS**

= **MISSION REPORT #4**

**DATE:** 5/16/2018

**NAME:** Cody Sparkovsky, Jr. Agent

**SUMMARY:** The primary source of the aurochs has been identified and recorded; another aurochs calf has been produced. Local relationships have been upheld to the extent that thorough covert investigative work may continue with little risk to visibility. Additionally, testing of the remains located in the caves have returned. There are scarce remnants of anomalous material. However, many of the skeletons are a closer genetic match to *Bison antiquus*Ancestral predecessor to modern American bison. or *Bison bison*Modern American bison whose migration stretched from northern Canada to northern Mexico before being hunted into a near threatened status. than aurochs.

**PROGRESS:** The anomalous effect has been located. Further research will be necessary to determine viability of containment. Awaiting further orders to secure the anomaly.

**VISIBILITY:** Veil has been upheld. Covert operations will remain viable as long as local ranchers do not continue encroaching.

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Date:** 5/17/2018

**Agent Notes:** Hostiles approaching.

---

= **BEGIN LOG**

[loud rumbling of pickups on gravel]

**Cody:** What the hell?

[Agent sprinting on gravel]

**Judge:** [in the distance, hollering] This is your final warning, Jez. You tryin' to get things to go south here? Looks like we’ve got you well outgunned.

**Cody:** Are you insane? These people can’t protect themselves!

**Judge:** Oh, and here comes your new friend.

**Jezreel:** C’mon, Judge. Let’s just settle down a little and talk this out peaceably- like old friends.

**Judge:** My shotgun here talks a lot louder than you or your new guard dog.

**Cody:** I think the time for negotiations might be over, Jezreel.

**Jezreel:** Cool off, Cody, I don’t want this to get hairy- Judge here isn’t serious.

**Judge:** No, your boy’s right. You’re stuck in the past, Jezzy. My boss wants these cattle under his purview, he’ll get ‘em- ain’t you or your little buddy standing in my way.

[cocking of triggers]

**Judge:** Now, how about that deed to the land, Jezzy boy? Either that, or some good lead for you and the kid.

**Cody:** You’ve picked the wrong fight. I was like you once, willing to have a few cracked eggs to get my way. But I said these people can’t protect themselves, not me.

**Judge:** You don't know who you're talkin' with. Get ‘im, boys.

**Jezreel:** Cody, don’t-

[multiple gunshots, yelping, trucks pulling away]

**Cody:** Incident contained. 1 casualty confirmed, Judge himself. They’re safe. For now.

[long silence]

[sobs]

**Jezreel:** Oh Judge, why’d it end up like this, my friend? I told you time after time that those people were bad company.

**Cody:** I’m sorry, Jezreel. I just did what I could to protec-

**Jezreel:** Just- we’ll figure this out later. Leave me be for a while. 

[sobs fade]

= **AUDIO CUTS FOR 4 HOURS**

[cows lowing faintly, barn door slides open]

**Cody:** You doing alright in here, Jezreel?

[sound of calf suckling]

**Jezreel:** Yeah. I come out here to get away from it all; easier to just throw myself back into chores.

[sighs]

**Jezreel:** This is… too much. You’ve started a war- and that’s just not something I can finish. That’s not the way we live.

**Cody:** I get it- but I’d be here.

[long silence]

**Jezreel:** Even so… Maybe it was foolish, naive of me to think that this could end any other way. With Judge. He’s just been-

**Jezreel:** I’d hoped this could've ended differently, that we could have had peace.

**Cody:** Yeah.

**Jezreel:** But I guess that’s just not how it-

[scrabbling of calf]

**Jezreel:** [laughs, hesitantly] Well, I suppose I’ve still got this one to tend to. I’m relieved my herd's safe and sound, too.

**Cody:** Yeah. Me too.

= **AUDIO LOG ENDS**

Agent Sparkovsky,

Agent, the usage of aggressive force was not authorized by site command. This action was outside of parameters placed on this assignment. It has also risked blowing the Foundation's cover in this region. Your continued lack of compliance is a great risk to Foundation operations. 

Senior Agent Carol,

I am not attempting insubordination this time. I may have been wrong in the past, and out of line. I have failed so many times. But this time, I did what I needed to do to protect it. Not to protect it. To protect them. There are people here, Carol. Normal, innocent people who can’t protect themselves. This will only worsen as people learn of the aurochs here. Whoever's behind Judge will be back.

Cody,

Your concerns have been heard. After further review alongside the oversight committee of both the discovery of the effect and the aggression of local ranchers, we have deemed your protection of this anomaly a necessity; strictness of protocol was an administrative overstep. However, the Veil has been put at risk for reasons beyond even this misstep, and that's not a risk my superiors are willing to take. Whoever was steering the local instigator's decisionmaking is still at large. The decision may not be one you agree with, but the local population will need to be displaced to protect both them and the aurochs. We cannot risk public scrutiny in continuing to investigate, reproduce, and eventually contain the effect producing these aurochs.

An updated dossier awaits your confirmation. You may continue with this assignment if you desire. Your decision to step away would be understood.

Understood, I will press forward. I can understand the rationale that led to this decision, even if I am not in agreement. As long as the people here are protected.

#### AUTHORIZATION OF MTF PHI-EOLH"Provident Trawlers"  IS A GO

= **FINAL MISSION REPORT**

**DATE:** 5/19/2018

**NAME:** Cody Sparkovsky, Agent, Reinstated

**SUMMARY:** Loss of life on-site has risked the Foundation's secrecy in the region. Furthermore, general knowledge and deviant interest into the anomaly within the region by normal civilians has warranted immediate action to uphold the Veil and protect the anomaly. As such, command has determined immediate amnesticization and relocation to be of high imperative. MTF Phi-Eohl have proven useful as always in removing and relocating civilians in the region seamlessly. Following aggression from local ranchers and the displacement of the community, at least two Foundation agents will be designated to dedicated surveillance to prevent remigration and encroaching efforts into Stolton, Texas for the following calendar year or until further notice. Amnestics followed by reintegration into normalcy have been authorized for civilians that enter within the 100-km radius of the effect for their protection; force has been authorized against bad actors looking to retrieve specimens within the radius.

**PROGRESS:** Further research into the anomaly has been greenlit by site command. Research provisions have included a plan for reintegration of the local population if possible. Projected likelihood of this occurring in current Foundation models is less than 4%. Research will press forward.

**VISIBILITY:** Use of force in order to protect local populace has risked Foundation security in multiple instances, currently mitigated by MTF Phi-Eohl. Amnestics have been administered as deemed necessary. Veil has been upheld.

= **MISSION COMPLETE**

Cody Sparkovsky’s probation has been lifted and he will be reintroduced into our normal rotation of assignments. Remedial work has been considered a success. Please welcome Cody back to the team when you see him back in Chicago on Monday. He will return with the provisionary research team on Tuesday to spearhead research efforts.

Thanks,

Carol,

I’m glad this one worked out. It felt like I just kept failing.

This assignment marks the first I have personally connected with- the first where it has been imprinted on me the importance of what we do here at the Foundation. The herds of the prairie and the aurochs of old have both been endangered beyond belief; it is our duty to protect them. The local population has been displaced, their way of life unprotected, although it is my hope to reinstate them. Perhaps, it is not just I, my past failures, that require mediation- but the Foundation as well. To renew our mission to protect the anomalies and the public we are to serve- to find better ways to protect them. However, until then, only I will remember their loss, and the lengths gone to to protect them.

Thank you for reinstating me. I hope to protect the things that truly matter during my tenure as an agent- no matter the cost.

Thank you,

<< [SCP-8645](SCP-8645) | SCP-8646 | [SCP-8647](SCP-8647) >>

> **Filename:** codywithcow.jpg

> **Name:** Farmer with cow in Tenna.jpg

> **Author:** Jay.Jarosz

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Farmer_with_cow_in_Tenna.jpg

> **Filename:** van.jpg

> **Name:** White van heads north - geograph.org.uk - 5529807.jpg

> **Author:** Russel Wills

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:White_van_heads_north_-_geograph.org.uk_-_5529807.jpg#Licensing

> **Filename:** sky.jpg

> **Name:** Virmalised 15.09.2017 - Aurora Borealis 15.09.2017 copy.jpg

> **Author:** Kristian Pikner

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Virmalised_15.09.2017_-_Aurora_Borealis_15.09.2017_copy.jpg
