.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

#page-content .colmod-block {

    margin: 1em o;

}

.ethics_memo>p:nth-child(1)::before {

    content: "THE MANDATE OF THE ETHICS COMMITTEE IS IN EFFECT";

}

Not a real doctor.

Check out my other works!

[Dr K. Parker's Research File](drkparker-research-file)

---

**Assigned Site**

**Research Head**

**Researcher**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-454

K. Parker

M. Hales

N/A

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |click-fullscreen=--]

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=400px

|url=http://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-8653/SCP-8653.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-8653.

]]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-8653 is to be contained within a standard object containment unit at Site-454. Direct access to the anomaly is restricted to Level 3 personnel and above. The containment chamber is to remain under constant video surveillance. 

Following Addendum 8653-D, direct interaction with SCP-8653 is strictly prohibited. Should entry into the containment unit be required to perform maintenance and repairs, only personnel with no known family members or close relationships may be assigned. Assigned personnel must undergo a psychiatric evaluation prior to entering to ensure they remain resistant to SCP-8653’s anomalous influence. No fewer than two personnel may enter at any given time.

---

**Description:**

SCP-8653 is a gilded wooden statue bearing the likeness of an Abrahamic angel measuring at approximately 2.3m in height. The object remains entirely stationary with the exception of its head. SCP-8653’s head is attached to the torso through a concealed pivot joint located within the neck structure, allowing the anomaly to rotate its head freely. The anomaly invariably orients its gaze toward the individual experiencing the highest level of guilt, shame or emotional distress. SCP-8653’s facial expression remains fixed in a pronounced grin.

Individuals remaining within close proximity to SCP-8653 for extended periods of time have reported feeling an inexplicit coercion to confess any guilt they have toward the object. This compulsion intensifies relative to the subject’s perceived guilt.   

Should an individual “confess their sins” directly to SCP-8653, the individual will feel an immediate remission of all associated guilt, shame or emotional distress and enter a state of total euphoria. Affected individuals display extreme emotional passivity, diminished self-preservation instincts, and complete unwillingness to engage in violent or harmful behavior. Within several hours, subjects enter a pseudo-catatonic state, undergoing long periods of inactivity. This effect has been proven irreversible.

Long-term investigation into subjects affected by SCP-8653 has revealed that the anomaly does not remove confessed “sins,” instead transferring the associated acts, guilt, and compulsions onto an individual with whom the confessor shares a close emotional bond, designated SCP-8653-1. Following this, SCP-8653-1 instances will become compelled to reenact the behaviors, crimes, or morally reprehensible acts of the original confessor, regardless of prior personality, beliefs, or psychological disposition.

---

**Notice Regarding Researcher Hales**

Shortly after SCP-8653’s acquisition, Researcher Matthias Hales had repeatedly submitted requests for direct study despite multiple rejections from Site administration. Hales vocalised that SCP-8653’s initially documented effects were inconsistent with “genuine absolution” and theorized that the anomaly’s influence had not been fully understood.

Despite Site Administration’s rejections of his requests, Hales continued independent investigation into SCP-8653 and the region of its initial recovery. Hales compiled police records, incident reports and psychiatric evaluations in support of his hypothesis. Such materials had been initially dismissed as unrelated or attributed to conventional explanations.

The following documents detail the investigation conducted by Researcher Matthias Hales following SCP-8653’s containment at Site-454.

**Field Correlation Investigation Report - Researcher M. Hales**

**Foreword:** Initial investigation into SCP-8653 concluded that its primary effect is the suppression of guilt response and the induction of a sustained euphoric affective state in affected subjects. This interpretation further posits an elimination of negative moral cognition associated with prior actions. 

Several researchers assigned to SCP-8653 have expressed interest in its potential applications, including proposals for use on Class-D personnel as a means of increasing compliance. However, the prior interpretation assumes SCP-8653’s effects terminate within the exposed individual. I do not consider this assumption to be adequately supported by available post-exposure data.

**Baseline Anomalous Effects:** Across SCP-8653’s documented cases, the previously mentioned effects have been found to be replicable and consistent across all affected individuals.

**Secondary Anomalous Outcome:** Post-exposure incident data was compiled containing regional law enforcement records, medical reports, and Foundation-adjacent anomaly logs originating within a 40 km radius of SCP-8653’s recovery site. 

Across reviewed cases, individuals who had undergone documented exposure to SCP-8653 displayed results consistent with the anomaly’s baseline effects. Secondary records show that confessions consistently link to adverse outcomes for socially connected third parties. 

Associated third parties have been identified as:

* Immediate family members 

* Long-term romantic partners 

* Primary caregivers or dependents 

* Individuals listed as emergency contacts or equivalent relational designations 

In cases where subjects disclose multiple instances of perceived wrongdoing, subsequent compulsive outcomes appear to be distributed across emotionally linked individuals without any consistent pattern.

**Email Correspondence Log | Researcher M. Hales / Dr K. Parker**

Email correspondence relevant to SCP-8653 secondary outcome investigation, exchanged between Researcher Matthias Hales and Dr. K███ Parker. 

---

**To:** MHales454@scp.int

**From:** DrKParker454@scp.int

**Subject:** SCP-8653 Review

---

Your latest analysis of SCP-8653 secondary outcomes has been reviewed. While the correlation you have proposed is noted, the conclusion regarding “non-random distribution across emotionally linked third parties” is not currently supported at a level sufficient to justify further experiments on the anomaly. 

Correlation does not actuate to causation, and your interpretation risks wasting resources which can be attributed to the study of other anomalies. Further analysis is to remain archival only. No additional research operations will be approved.

@@ @@

**To:** DrKParker454@scp.int

**From:** MHales454@scp.int

**Subject:** Re:SCP-8653 Review

---

I apologise but it appears you’ve failed to understand the purpose of this investigation. The same pattern appears across every documented case we’ve reviewed. The current model assumes SCP-8653 produces an internalised psychological effect with no external effects. However, every recorded case shows a consistent secondary outcome affecting individuals with direct emotional or social ties to the subject. This pattern has remained unchanged across all reviewed instances. 

With the proposal of utilizing SCP-8653 on Class-D personnel, these secondary outcomes must be properly tested and accounted for. Proceeding without verification introduces unnecessary risk to individuals not directly exposed to the anomaly. Give me the resources and I can prove this to you.

@@ @@

**To:** MHales454@scp.int

**From:** DrKParker454@scp.int

**Subject:** Re:SCP-8653 Review

---

Request denied. 

Even if approval were granted for testing under controlled conditions, the theorized outcome you have proposed would introduce unacceptable risk to individuals with prior relational ties to Class-D personnel. You are also aware of this as per your previous email.

I also need to address your continued escalation of this issue. You have been explicitly instructed to cease independent research on this anomaly, and return to assigned duties. Despite this, you have continued to conduct research into SCP-8653.

Regardless of your insubordination, there have been concerns raised that your continued obsession with the anomaly stems from personal conflict involving your civilian case incident. So for your benefit, I will provide you the opportunity to explain why you are so dedicated to researching the object.

@@ @@

**To:** DrKParker454@scp.int

**From:** MHales454@scp.int

**Subject:** Re:SCP-8653 Review

---

If you want an answer to my “obsession” with the anomaly, it is because I firmly and wholeheartedly reject the current consensus. The current model implies SCP-8653 to be a truly benevolent object, removing internal trauma and all the guilt associated with harm inflicted upon others, negative thoughts conjured up and everything that can be classified as a “sin.” 

From my personal experience, “sin” isn’t something that can just be washed away by the flick of a wrist. The anomalies we house here prove that when you remove a stain from one place, instead of erasing it you just move it someplace else. There is no such thing as a clean slate in this world and you’re just as aware of that as I am, K███.

All I am asking is one last trial under strict conditions to prove that my hypothesis is sound. Let me show you that there is more to this anomaly than the Foundation currently sees.

@@ @@

**To:** MHales454@scp.int

**From:** DrKParker454@scp.int

**Subject:** Re:SCP-8653 Review

---

Matthias,

Your previous email has been forwarded to Site-454’s human resources and the Department of Clinical Psychology. Your continued assertion has resulted in a conflict of interest arising between the role the foundation takes and your own personal guilt.

The Foundation is an organisation dedicated to effectively measuring and containing anomalies to protect humanity from their effects. When a researcher lets their personal feelings influence how they perceive their work they cease being an asset and become liabilities to our cause. 

Your inability to separate your personal history from your professional duties involving SCP-8653 has compromised the integrity of the department’s research, and your own. By your own admission, the hypothesis you propose is born out of your inability to accept a morally neutral answer, involving the usage of the term “sin,” which is highly up to personal interpretation and is not clinically sound.

Despite all of this, I am still willing to give you a chance to remain within our department. I am scheduling you in for a disciplinary meeting with myself next week, I expect you to attend.

Dr. K███ Parker - Research Head of Site-454.

**Containment Unit Altercation Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** 

October 19th 2015

**Foreword:** The following transcript documents an altercation occurring on October 19th 2015 between Dr. K███ Parker and Researcher Matthias Hales immediately prior to the latter’s scheduled disciplinary review. 

Researcher Hales had formally requested that the meeting be conducted within SCP-8653’s observation chamber. Following the denial of this request, Hales became increasingly agitated and entered SCP-8653’s containment chamber. The transcript below was recovered from the internal surveillance system assigned to SCP-8653’s containment unit.

[BEGIN LOG]

*Researcher Hales is seen entering the chamber, carrying a portable recording device and a manilla folder. Upon entry, SCP-8653 turns its head to face Hales.*

**Hales:** “Begin audio log, Researcher Matthias Hales performing live testing to prove Secondary Effect Hypothesis.”

*There’s a pause as Hales looks around.*

**Hales:** “No external personnel are involved, exposure to SCP-8653’s anomalous effects are limited to myself.”

*Hales places the folder onto the floor and begins to approach SCP-8653. Just as he is about to kneel down, SCP-8653 turns its head toward Dr. K███ Parker, who has just entered the room.*

**Dr. Parker:** “What are you doing?”

**Hales:** “Proving to you that I’m right!”

**Dr. Parker:** “Step away from the anomaly.”

**Hales:** “No.”

**Dr. Parker:** “Researcher Hales, you are in breach of several protocols, including an attempt to conduct unauthorized exposure to the anomaly upon yourself.”

**Hales:** “If this is what it takes for me to prove to you my hypothesis is sound so be it!”

*Dr. Parker does not advance further into the containment chamber. SCP-8653’s gaze remains fixed on Dr. Parker.*

**Dr. Parker:** “You’re emotionally compromised, you’re not well. This is exactly what I warned the department about when you were assigned to my team.”

**Hales:** “You’re just afraid that I’m right. You’d rather have everyone follow your words than admit you’re wrong!”

**Dr. Parker:** “I’m trying to prevent you from ruining your life!”

**Hales:** “My life? Since when did you care?”

**Dr. Parker:** “We both know this isn’t about me, you have never been the jealous type. I’ve read through the civilian case you were involved in, I can make a good guess as to what you’re guilty of.”

**Hales:** “You don’t know a single thing about what happened that day.”

**Dr. Parker:** “ I know enough.”

**Hales:** “No, no you know the paperwork. You got the version that they let you see after they made me bury the bodies!”

*Hales takes his final step toward SCP-8653 and lowers himself to his knees.*

**Dr. Parker:** “Matthias, stop.”

**Hales:** “You want to know why I can’t just let it go?”

*No response from Dr. Parker.*

**Hales:** “Everyone has to live with the sins we’ve committed, you know that. No one can ever truly be free.”

**Dr. Parker:** “If you do this, and your hypothesis is correct, one of your loved ones will be affected.”

*No response from Researcher Hales.*

**Dr. Parker:** “Are you really willing to sacrifice someone else just to be right?”

**Hales:** “Yes.”

[END LOG]

**Afterword:** At 09:42 on October 19th 2015, Foundation personnel embedded within local law enforcement in Auckland, New Zealand reported the detainment of Eleanor Hales following the assault of a civilian male, identified as Wiremu Te Rangi, leading to the latter’s death. Eleanor Hales had no documented history of violent behavior, psychological instability, or criminal activity prior to this. 

At approximately 13:10 the same day, Researcher Matthias Hales voluntarily surrendered himself into Foundation custody without resistance. Hales was reported to display no observable distress upon being informed of Eleanor Hales’ actions. When questioned regarding the outcome of his unauthorized exposure to SCP-8653, Hales was only able to repeat the same phrase, “I was right.”

Following Incident 8653-D, all direct experimentation involving SCP-8653 has been permanently suspended. Requests for human exposure trials have been revoked indefinitely. Dr. K███ Parker has since been reassigned from SCP-8653 research operations at his own request, which was approved without delay.

<< [SCP-8652](SCP-8652) | SCP-8653 | [SCP-8654](SCP-8654) >>

[> **Filename:SCP-8653.png** 

> **Name:** Montserrat Angel Statue

> **Author:** Stephen Downes

> **License:** CC BY 2.0.

> **Source Link: https://www.flickr.com/photos/35034352186@N01/206240809**]
