SCP-8319 *“##hotpink|Su-Girl Pills! Your life will be sugar spice, and everything nice!##”* by: 

@@ @@

[Read more of my stuff](http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-mews-personnel-file)

⚠️ **Content warning:** Mentions of physical and emotional abuse, depictions of emotional abuse, mentions of suicidal ideation

##### ****Special Containment Procedures:****

Web-Crawler Delta 532 (“ADDICTIONSANOMALOUS”) is to continuously monitor the web for mentions of SCP-8319. All mentions are to be archived and removed.

All known SCP-8319-1 instances are to be housed within Site-987. Only Foundation employees with XY sex chromosomes are allowed within this facility. 

##### ****Description****

SCP-8319 refers to a collection of circular tablet pills. SCP-8319's packaging consists of a white circular bottle with a twistable lid, and a printed-on label that reads the following:

*Su-Girl Pills*

*Your life will be sugar spice, and everything nice!*

*Produced by Just Girly Things*

*Visit our website at www.justgirlythings.██*

Any individual who has XX sex chromosomes who ingests one individual instance of SCP-8319 will begin to experience a series of vivid hallucinations. Individuals who ingest SCP-8319 have been designated SCP-8319-1. SCP-8319-1 have displayed an inability to differentiate the effects of SCP-8319 from reality. This fact has made it difficult to determine exactly what these hallucinations entail. When SCP-8319-1 instances were asked to describe their experience on SCP-8319, the majority used one or more of the following phrases: *Cute, pink, dream like, happier, perfect, glittery, better*. All instances of SCP-8319-1 have all displayed symptoms of a perpetual dissociative state. SCP-8319 has been noticed to change the behavior of those who ingest it, causing them to be less emotional and more compliant. Most SCP-8319-1 appear to be fond of [ GOI-4319 “Just Girly Things”](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/just-girly-things-hub) and the ideals it promotes, although it is unknown how many are actually members. It has been determined that the more of SCP-8319 that an individual digests, the worse this state becomes. As time passed, SCP-8319-1 individuals develop trouble recalling their lives prior to ingesting SCP-8319. It is currently been deemed impossible to nullify the effects of SCP-8319. It is unknown how many SCP-8319-1 instances there are as of current.

SCP-8319-1 instances will continuously attempt to advertise SCP-8319 to any individual with XX sex chromosomes until they agree to try SCP-8319. It has been observed that SCP-8319-1 are successful approximately 98% of the time. It is not known what causes this effect, or what causes an individual to be immune to it. SCP-8319-1 instances are capable of producing bottles of SCP-8319 to give to the individuals they advertise to through unknown means. SCP-8319-1 have not been observed to manifest SCP-8319 any other time.

##### ****Addendum: SCP-8319 Origins****

During Foundation Web-Crawler Delta 532's search of the web, it discovered multiple notable cases of SCP-8319 being discussed online. The first discussion of SCP-8319 was traced back to a forum titled Wandering Souls, a forum dedicated for individuals to discuss their mental health.

User “Ella Romero” has been determined to be POI-1943 from GOI-4319.

User "laceyribbon" was unable to be traced. This is concluded to be due to GOI-4319's ability to obscure the personal information of its members.

The following documents the recorded information.

<details>
<summary>Information Logs</summary>

###35343b|/u## ###c98fad|laceyribbon##

#### ###35343b|A cry for help IG##

#page-content hr {

    background-color: #ffffff;

    height: 2px;

   margin: .75rem 0;

}

---

###35343b|Hi. I'm new here. And I'm probably not gonna post again but I just needed to get this off my chest. I'm at a fucking loss here. I'm a 19 year old girl who still lives with her parents because a minimum wage job doesn't pay for housing, and I almost killed myself when I was still in college. My parents never shut up about the fact that I dropped out of college. Like sorry but I was so fucking close to just downing my fucking Risperdal one night because I had SO MUCH homework and I couldnt fucking understand some of it AND I had to work part time. I now work full time cause I have to help pay off my college fees and I'm going crazy. My medication has just made my anxiety worse but my mom fuckin makes me take my meds in front of her cause last time she found out I stopped taking them and says that the doctor said I need it and my meds make me like less "difficult" to deal with. But they just make my memory worse and make me tired. I'm fucking terrified of what my parents will do next because my mom is making me apply for college again and I'm just afraid I'm not ready. I'm terrified because they basically insinuated that I'm not gonna have a place to stay if I don't. This just feels like a nightmare. I don't know what I'm going to do. My parents are really scary people and I can't even get into all of it. I don't have any irl friends, so moving in with a friend isn't an option. I don't even have many online friends because I'm so busy and don't usually have time to find places to belong. I wish I could just move out but it's so expensive to live on my own, and I just don't fucking have the money for it. I'm considering if it's even worth living anymore. I'm not even sure what I'm writing this for. I guess I just want people to know about me if I decide I can't do this. Um, thanks for reading.##

##grey|7 comments##

.leftbar {

  border-left: 2px solid grey;

  padding-left: 8px;

}

##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero##

###35343b|Omg, you seem to be going through so much! Like, you're totally lost. I so hate seeing my fellow girl suffering, especially someone so young! I've got something that can totally help you, and don't worry, it's free!##

###c98fad|laceyribbon##

###35343b|What does that mean?##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero##

###35343b|We shouldn't hog up the comment section! I'm gonna pm you!##

###c98fad|laceyribbon##

##w#35343b|Um, ok##

###35343b|Conversation with## ##gray|Ella Romero##

#page-content hr {

    background-color: #ffffff;

    height: 2px;

   margin: .75rem 0;

}

---

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b|Hello! I'm part of an online group of girls that are all for helping support other girls! There are many girls that do DIYs, make recipes, and even alternative medicines to help each girl there feel her best!##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|So?##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b|I think you should join us! And I know a girl who's got the perfect thing for you!##

**###c98fad| laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|I don't really have the time to join online groups.##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b|Oh, don't worry! You don't have to talk that much! We're pretty laid back. We're called Just Girly Things!##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|I see##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|That's an interesting name##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|What sorta item can make my problems go away? I appreciate the thought, but I'm broke, my parents are abusive, I'm alone, I'm tired and my medication just makes my life worse##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b|I know that I'm just a stranger, but your situation totally spoke to me. I've got a good friend that's gone through some horrible things##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|I'm so sorry##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b|She's like, one of the sweetest girls I know! Her trauma stripped her of her girlhood and made her feel unlovable.##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##**  ###35343b|But then the site creator found her and totally restored her girlhood! We've got girls in all stages of life on the site!##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|Wow##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b|It's great, I so promise! You can trust me when I say this! I can totally hook you up and get you a FREE sample of this new thing one of our girls made! they're called Su-Girl pills!##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|that's a strange name##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b|Well I think it's cute! Anyway! You know how marijuana helps people mellow out?##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|Yes##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b|Well these are like that, but made JUST for girls! Ya know, just girly things!##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b| hehe##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|I'm just not sure##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|My parents don't let me order packages, my mom will tell my dad and he'll check them out##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b|I can get them to you and avoid all that!##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|You can?##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ###35343b|Toats! I've got an idea! If you're not sure, you should so talk to some of the other girls! I'll send you the invite!##

**##mediumAquamarine|Ella Romero:##** ##red|[INACCESSIBLE LINK]##

**###c98fad|laceyribbon:##** ###35343b|Hm, okay.##

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Redirecting to ##deeppink|www.justgirlychats.███##

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**###7d2a69|#JGT_GeneralChat## ###4f1942|Play nice girls! Real girls are always well-behaved.##**

*####4f1942|Topic set by## ##hotpink|KeeLee## ####4f1942|on Fri Sep 01 2023 04:31:07 GMT-0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)##*

###4f1942|<#####c98fad|Lacey## ###4f1942|has joined the chat#####4f1942|>## ###6e325f|(10:33)##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Okay girls! I have someone to introduce you to!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Um, hello##

##hotpink|KeeLee:#####4f1942|Hello there, I'm KeeLee, the creator of JGT. I always welcome new members.##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I haven't agreed to join yet##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|I invited her to talk to you all! To see how supportive us JGT girlies can be to our fellow girl!##

##violet|Jess## ###4f1942|It's nice to meet you!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Thank you##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I've been going through some really tough times lately.##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Don't you worry girl, we totally got you!##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Totally feel free to talk to us!##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|.seen## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi##

##darkred|JGTBot:## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi## ###4f1942|was last online four hours ago!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ##mediumAquamarine|Ella## ###4f1942|said she had this sorta weed alternative that could help me##

##violet|Jess## ###4f1942|Oh, she recommended **those**?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Is there something wrong with them?##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|Not at all!##

##violet|Jess## ###4f1942|Oh yeah, I just didn't know we releasing them yet.##

###ff85a2|Lola:## ###4f1942|You're very lucky, it's not often that KeeLee lets new members try new products.##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Yeah lol, I had to run it by KeeLee first but she said she's toats okay with it!!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Oh, that's cool##

###ff85a2|Lola:## ###4f1942|Yes, the girls here are very kind. You know, I've found that JGT has really helped me become the mother I've always wanted to be. I've been closer than ever with my [youngest daughter](*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/she-s-worth-it-i-promise ). I think JGT could really be the support system you need.##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I've been having some problems with my parents##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|.tell## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi## ###4f1942|I've got someone I want you to talk to!##

##darkred|JGTBot:## ###4f1942|Got it! I'll let her know lickety-split!##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Mhm! My little sister has been her happiest version of herself once I introduced her to JGT!##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|Issues with your parents? I hope you’re okay##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Yeah… my parents don’t understand that my medication has been taking a toll on me##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|And that I can’t apply for college again because it would be psychological suicide##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|I didn’t go to college, and I’ve turned out perfectly! You don’t need to go back.##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I just feel like my parents don’t understand or care about me and I don’t have any friends##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|I’m so sorry :<##

###4f1942|<####PaleVioletRed|Angel## ###4f1942|has joined the chat>## ###6e325f|(10:45)##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|My parents always tell me to stop whining when I try to tell them how I feel, that like sometimes medications have side affects and that's not a reason to "be a whiny bitch" about it##

##PaleVioletRed|Angel:## ###4f1942|Hello girls!##

###ff85a2|Lola:## ###4f1942|Hello## ##PaleVioletRed|Angel#####4f1942|!##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Angel! Omg, meet## ###c98fad|Lacey#####4f1942|! She’s our newest JGT girly!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I still didn’t say I’d join##

##PaleVioletRed|Angel:## ###4f1942|You’re going to love it here!##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|It probably sucks that they don’t care how you feel. They’re your parents, they should care about you…##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|That's what I say##

##PaleVioletRed|Angel:## ###4f1942|Your parents make you take medication? What is it for?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|It's an antipsychotic for my bipolar##

##PaleVioletRed|Angel:## ###4f1942|They shouldn't make you take medication. That crap messes with your brain and stops you from being the real best you!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Wait no I don't think medications are bad##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Mine just make me dizzy and tired and make my memory shit##

##PaleVioletRed|Angel:## ###4f1942|It sounds to me they're just using it to control you!##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|You're in luck, because she might be the very first to test the Su-Girl pills!##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Yess! So exciting!##

##PaleVioletRed|Angel:## ###4f1942|See, the things that## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi## ###4f1942|makes are the only kind of medication I trust. So many "medications" prescribed nowadays go against the natural plan that God has.##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|I think you guys are kinda speaking over Lacey##

###4f1942|<####violet|Jess## ###4f1942|has been kicked from## ###7d2a69|**#JGT_GeneralChat**## ###4f1942|by## ##hotpink|KeeLee## ###4f1942|(Take some time to reflect and come back later.)>##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Huh? What did she do?##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|Don't worry about it.##

###4f1942|<####mediumseagreen|Mimi## ###4f1942|has joined the chat>## ###6e325f|(10:50)##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|I got your tell.##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi#####4f1942|! Hey girl!## ##mediumAquamarine|Ella## ###4f1942|found a girl that can try out your pills!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Hi##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|That's wonderful. Hello,## ###c98fad|Lacey#####4f1942|. I'm## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi#####4f1942|, I like to see what sort of health supplements I can create to help my fellow girl.##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|That's really cool##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|She's a real miracle worker! The diet pills she made for me are toats amazing, they take away the "pain" in beauty is pain!##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|I usually consider science to be boyish, but## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi#####4f1942|'s got a charm to the way she works. Plus all her products help girls be their best.##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|Thank you.##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|Tell me,## ###c98fad|Lacey#####4f1942|, what is your greatest wish?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Greatest wish?##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|If you could make anything happen with the snap of your fingers, what would it be?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Well##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I'd want my parents to just listen to me for once##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|I think my pills can help you.##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|What did## ##mediumAquamarine|Ella## ###4f1942|tell you about them?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|That they help people chill out like weed##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|You know I'm not into the boyish science, lol!##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|These pills can help you parents listen to you. Because not only do they help you have a better mindset, but they can make what you say to your parents something that will make them listen to you.##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Really?##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|This is a promise from me to you.##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|And like I said, we'll get them to you for free with no trouble!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|...##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Okay##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I'll try them##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|Woohoo! Everyone congratulate## ###c98fad|Lacey## ###4f1942|for being our first girl to try the Su-Girl pills!##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Yes, congrats girl!##

###ff85a2|Lola:## ###4f1942|Congratulations!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Thank you##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|You all seem to really believe in the stuff## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi## ###4f1942|makes, so why not##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|It feels weird that pills will fix my problems but##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Anyway, I should go to sleep, I've got work early tomorrow##

##PaleVioletRed|Angel:## ###4f1942|Maybe one day you'll have a hubby that can work for the both of you! (｡•̀ᴗ-)✧##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Haha##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I want a job just one I like##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Anyway, you were all very nice, I'll see you later##

###ff85a2|Lola:## ###4f1942|Update us about the pills!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I will##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|Bye##

###4f1942|<#####c98fad|Lacey## ###4f1942|has quit the chat#####4f1942|>## ###6e325f|(11:04)##

###ff85a2|Lola:## ###4f1942|She seemed a bit... "normie"?##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|Oh don't you worry, she's exactly what we needed!##

**###7d2a69|#JGT_GeneralChat## ###4f1942|Play nice girls! Real girls are always well-behaved.##**

*####4f1942|Topic set by## ##hotpink|KeeLee## ####4f1942|on Fri Sep 01 2023 04:31:07 GMT-0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)##*

###4f1942|<#####c98fad|Lacey## ###4f1942|has joined the chat#####4f1942|>## ###6e325f|(04:41)##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|hiiiiiii##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Hey girl!!##

##PaleVioletRed|Angel## ###4f1942|Hey## ###c98fad|Lacey#####4f1942|!##

##PaleVioletRed|Angel## ###4f1942|How are you doing?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|fun##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|everything is so pretty##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|the liquid is pink now##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|The liquid?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|my skin glitters##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|it all looks nicer##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Oh, you've tried the pills!##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Did they help?##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|Are things better with your parents?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|they did get confused##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|but they started making sense##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|they said something about needing to fix something##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I think my parents could be happier##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I realized that I caused so many problems not listening to my dad too##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|do they work on guys##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|Unfortunately they do not.##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|thats fine##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|if my mom is happier my dad will be##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|if they do what they did for me##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|my dad will like my mom##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|finally##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|im also like##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|joing jgt now##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|can everything about it make me happy?##

##hotpink|KeeLee## ###4f1942|Absolutely! We're glad to have you aboard!##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|Um, I'm happy that you're happy!##

##hotpink|KeeLee## ###4f1942|Well now that we know the pills are a success, we can start to market them!## ##violet|Jess#####4f1942|, wanna be trial number two?##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|What?##

##hotpink|KeeLee## ###4f1942|Just kidding!## ###c98fad|Lacey#####4f1942|, feel free to give them to anyone you know!## 

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I dont have any friends in real life but I have coworkers##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I shouldnt have doubted you guys##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|I'm glad that something I made was able to make you more confident in yourself.##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|yeah##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I have work soon##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Get ready! I'm sure any of your female coworkers will be glad you want to help them!##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|bye##

##hotpink|KeeLee## ###4f1942|Bye## ###c98fad|Lacey#####4f1942|! Talk to you again soon!##

###4f1942|<#####c98fad|Lacey## ###4f1942|has quit the chat#####4f1942|>## ###6e325f|(04:46)##

##### **###7d2a69|Conversation with Lacey##**

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|Hey Lacey, I wanted to talk to you##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|okay you can talk to me##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|I don't exactly know how these pills work, but I'm kinda worried##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|How exactly did they make things better with your parents?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|they asked me things##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|and I replied to them##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|they got confused##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|I already know all that, you said it in the main chat. I'm just afraid that you're not really... you anymore.##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|From what I saw of you, you seemed like a nice and strong girl!##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|It's honestly been a really long time since I've talked to someone that didn't agree to KeeLee right away##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|It was refreshing##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|seeing a woman with a job and a life outside of being "the perfect girl"##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|I think the perfect girl depends on the girl, y'know?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|mimi ella and keelee were right though##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|life is sparkling##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|im happy##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|Are you?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|yes##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|unless you think im not##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|That's not for me to decide, Lacey. That's up to you.##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I gave some to my coworkers##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|so we can be happy together##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|everyone needs to be happier##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|even if they say they dont##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|What happened?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I put them in their purses so I dont know##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|ill see them happier tomorrow##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|I gave one to my mom##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|You gave them to your mom?##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|What happened?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|she said she's happier now##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|she said the glitter looked better now##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|my family is finally peaceful##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|... I see##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|you should try them##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|so you can be happier##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|I'm already happy##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|I'll um, talk to you later##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|Oh uh##

##violet|Jess:## ###4f1942|don't tell KeeLee about this, okay?##

###c98fad|Lacey:## ###4f1942|k##

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**###7d2a69|#SuGirlPills## ###4f1942|Side chat where JGTBot can relay messages if any of us aren't online.##**

*####4f1942|Topic set by## ##hotpink|KeeLee## ####4f1942|on Wed Aug 25 2023 06:02:18 GMT-0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)##*

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ##hotpink|KeeLee#####4f1942|! I found a girl who's perfect!##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|I just sent her an invite to the chat!##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|Not the site, right? Just the chat?##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Yep!##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|Good work,## ##mediumAquamarine|Ella#####4f1942|. We'll see how this goes.##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ##darkred|JGTBot#####4f1942|, tell## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi##  ##mediumAquamarine|Ella## ###4f1942|found a girl. We'll try to get her to agree to take them, but try to get on. You know its time sensitive.##

##darkred|JGTBot:## ###4f1942|On it!##

**###7d2a69|#SuGirlPills## ###4f1942|Side chat where JGTBot can relay messages if any of us aren't online.##**

*####4f1942|Topic set by## ##hotpink|KeeLee## ###4f1942|on Wed Aug 25 2023 06:02:18 GMT-0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)##*

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ##darkred|JGTBot#####4f1942|, tell## ##mediumseagreen|Mimi## ###4f1942|I need you to get on. We can butter her up all we want but you're the one that knows how these work. And if she converts before she takes them this is all for nothing.##

##darkred|JGTBot:## ###4f1942|On it!##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|I'm trying to hype her up, too! But I don't know how the pills work.##

###4f1942|<####mediumseagreen|Mimi## ###4f1942|has joined the chat>## ###6e325f|(10:50)##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|Hey.##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|Thank goodness you're here. What have you been doing?##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|Does it matter?##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|I suppose not for now. She's very stubborn. Work your magic.##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|On it, leave it to me.##

**###7d2a69|#SuGirlPills## ###4f1942|Side chat where JGTBot can relay messages if any of us aren't online.##**

*####4f1942|Topic set by## ##hotpink|KeeLee## ####4f1942|on Wed Aug 25 2023 06:02:18 GMT-0400 (Eastern Daylight Time)##*

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|She was relatively stubborn. The pills really worked!##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|They worked exactly as expected.##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|We've gotten 15 new sign ups in the last two hours!##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|It's not the sign ups I care about.##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|But anyway, absolutely perfect! You're a total miracle worker!!##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|You know much more about all the icky science than I do, lol.##

##mediumseagreen|Mimi:## ###4f1942|I'll continue to observe the effects. Don't sell yourselves short. You did a wonderful job scouting for a trial girl,## ##mediumAquamarine|Ella#####4f1942|. This girl is perfect.##

##mediumAquamarine|Ella:## ###4f1942|Aw, thanks girl!##

##hotpink|KeeLee:## ###4f1942|I'm very excited to see where this new project can lead us.##

<< [SCP-8318](SCP-8318) | SCP-8319 | [SCP-8320](SCP-8320) >>
