**Item #:** SCP-8685

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:**  SCP-8685 is to be provided with a template document inquiring about the possibility of consensual posthumous organ harvesting. To protect the veil, SCP-8685 is to act under the official guise of a non-anomalous organ donation organization. Deliveries from SCP-8685 are to be incinerated.

**Description:** SCP-8685 is an organization of anomalous humans capable of medically removing and restoring wasted organs for recycled usage in humans. SCP-8685 instances do not originate from our timeline nor dimension, but do not physically differ from baseline humans. The exact methodology in which they are able to refurbish organs is unknown.

SCP-8685's mission statement is to provide preserve and save lives of individuals from their dimension.

**Discovery:** During a routine sweep of cemeteries located around Clayton, Georgia, a representative of SCP-8685 (henceforth referred to as SCP-8685-1) was discovered surgically removing and storing various human matter from buried individuals. Due to Foundation interests and claims on the site, the confrontation was initially hostile. However eventually both sides agreed to discuss the situation peacefully.

[**Begin Recording**]

**SCP-8685-1:** I'm sorry for the miscommunication here, we really didn't think much of it. Y'all aren't using these are you?

**Agent Kremer:** We have our own interests, but we're not technically using them. Nonetheless, you have no right to waltz in and take what's not yours.

**SCP-8685-1:** I get that, I get that. We just, don't see the harm?

**Agent Kremer:** The harm of non-consensual grave robbing?

**SCP-8685-1**: Consensual grave robbing sounds plain silly doesn't it?

**Agent Kremer:** You can't rob what you agree to let go.

**SCP-8685-1:** Fair; however my point was more that if we were to ask people if we were allowed to dig up ol' Grandpapa and take whatever there is left to keep that the maggots hadn't gotten to yet, I doubt they'd let us have our pickings. No way to spin it for it to work right by them, is there?

**Agent Kremer:** If the answer's disgusting, I don't really want to know -- but what's the point of all this anyways?

**SCP-8685-1**:  We recycle, refurbish, refit, whatever you want to call it. In comes the ol' and out comes the new.

**Agent Kremer:** So, organ donation?

**SCP-8685-1:** Sounds better than grave robbing, so I'll take it. But yes, that is what we do in essence.

**Agent Kremer:** For us to stick that landing, how about we start with consent forms? We can print something out, and you'll just mail it to the deceased's estate?

**SCP-8685-1:** Listen, I knoooow that what we're doing isn't exactly 100% ethical, by the books okay and it would most definitely land us all significant jail time, but we really can't afford to take a hit to our supply at this time of year.

**Agent Kremer:** Either you stick to the consent forms, or you leave empty handed guaranteed. That's just how this is going to have to work, if I know anything about our organization. I don't make the rules.

**SCP-8685-1:** You're serious? You think an ol' letter in the mail reading "May we defile your loved one's grave, surgically remove their rotting, mushy, horribly disfigured organs, so we can implant them in someone who may appreciate them?" would do well?

**Agent Kremer:** Not saying it'll do well, but I'd at least feel a lot better about it.

**SCP-8685-1:** At least ol' G-Man's happy about it. Girl's dying of a failing kidney, but we have to wait for widowed meemaw to sign the consent form for her expired lover.

**Agent Kremer:** At least look at what we can draft up?

**SCP-8685-1:** Only hope we've got.

[**End Recording**]

**Addendum SCP-8685-A:** Consent Form

Preamble: We have discovered a method to cleanly remove and restore dead matter, such as organs and skin cells. With our medical breakthrough we are able to accompany millions of dying and in-need children, men and women across the globe. For this to work however, we need your consent and support!

1. By signing this agreement, you agree to submit and forfeit any claim you or your estate may have on the deceased's corpse, especially as pertaining to their organs.

2. By signing this agreement, you forfeit any potential private claims against our organization for temporary defilement of the deceased's grave and permanent scarring of the deceased's corpse.

 

3. By signing this agreement, you agree to not report and/or testify in any cases aspertaining to the process of removing, restoring and implanting organ matter of the deceased.

4. By signing this agreement, you admit you have read the entirety of this document and are aware of the long lasting implications of its effects. You may not rescind this agreement for any reason. The agreement only regulates what occurs to the corpse of X (Name of the deceased).

**Addendum SCP-8685-B:** Incident Report

Following its drafting, SCP-8685-1 was confronted with the consent form and given a pseudonym to act under for future organ harvesting and/or organ donation matters. SCP-8685-1 scoffed and took the blank consent form with them, only shortly returning to place a 8-digit counter on the table which read "0". An inspection reveals it is remote operated, presumably from SCP-8685's home dimension.

After 30 seconds, the counter read 1.

By the end of the day, the counter read 13.492.

All means or efforts to intercept SCP-8685 and/or contact SCP-8685 have failed. Their existence has been confirmed as of the writing of this document, as numerous unsigned consent forms were intercepted in the US Postal System.

By the end of the month, the counter read 1.942.293.

**Addendum SCP-8685-C:** Counter Update

By the end of the year, the counter reached its limit, as it did not possess the required digits to display a number greater than 99.999.999.

This event coincided with the arrival of shipments of rotten cadavers to Site-93, each having an arabic numeral etched onto their chest.

All contact to SCP-8685 has been lost.

<< [SCP-8684](SCP-8684) | SCP-8685 | [SCP-8686](SCP-8686) >>
