=====

=====

div.modalbox {

    background: linear-gradient(#a6a4a4 56px, #e9e9e9 51px, #fefefe);

}

.log_div {

    border-radius: 10px;

    margin: 10px;

    padding: 0px;

    border: 1px dashed #999;

    background-color: #f4f4f4

}

.log_text {

    padding: 1em 1em 0em 1em

}

.top-left-box > .item {

    display: block !important;

}

.log_div > .image-container {

    padding-left: 0em;

    padding-right: 0em;

}

]

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the unpredictable nature of SCP-8686 appearances, Foundation Web-Crawlers are to monitor for any listings of the anomaly on resale or auction websites. If a listing is found, efforts are to be made to remove it. Purchasing the copy is the preferred option, though taking down the listing is a valid alternative.

In the event that a copy of SCP-8686 is purchased, MTF Upsilon-33 ("Rushing Critics"), is to obtain the SCP-8686 instance, and administer B-Class amnestics to the exposed individuals. Agents are to maintain the belief that SCP-8686 is no more than a memory of an existing play, as established by the memetic properties of the anomaly.  Agare class anomalies are perceived as fictional works, where containment is focused on maintaining that belief. In this case, containment relies on the belief that this anomaly is a memory of a real, fictional play. 

**Description:** SCP-8686 is an anomalous theatre experience known as "The Best Days Of Our Lives". SCP-8686 is attributed to "[Pseudogenesis Productions](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8478)", alternatively known as GOI-478. The first page contains information on those involved in the production of SCP-8686. Stephanie Pseudo (POI-478-1) is credited as Writer and Director. Solomon Baer (POI-478-2) is credited as Stage Manager and Light Technician. Duplo (POI-478-3) is credited as Set Designer. Vivienne Chen (POI-478-4) is credited as Memetic and Cognitohazard creator.  Instances will appear on various auction websites, including eBay, Etsy, and Craigslist, priced five to ten dollars.

The cover contains a memetic effect, compelling someone to open the playbill, but opening it will invariably cause the subject to be affected by more of SCP-8686's memetics and cognitohazardous effects. The various memetics that make up SCP-8686 seem to be able to exert power on the environment around the subject for the duration of the performance, manifesting furniture and entities collectively known as SCP-8686-A.

SCP-8686's story is in three acts, each corresponding to a unique heuristic An effect of self-realization through a cognitohazard.  effect in the subject. Amnestic testing has shown that the show cannot be removed from the memory of any subjects.

* The first act elicits euphoric emotions towards the SCP-8686-A instance representing the viewer's romantic partner within SCP-8686.

* The second act induces paranoia in the viewer, specifically regarding perceived potential flaws or character faults. The viewer is inevitably unable to determine the root cause of their conflict.

* The third act forces the viewer to confront their flaws, resulting in a major conflict between the viewer and the SCP-8686-A instance representing their partner. This conflict inevitably leads to a moment of self-realization.

An SCP-8686 performance will always follow the same act structure, and is always set within the same location, a cottage home. While the narrative varies between instances, the subject is never able to leave the set.

An image of an SCP-8686 listing is included below for reference.

<details>
<summary>Cognitohazard Present</summary>

 Best Days Of Our Lives 

@@ @@

 It's a story told time after time. Guaranteed to change your life.

@@ @@

 Tickets available online, buy now.

</details>

---

**Addendum 8686.1:** Experiment Log

**Preface:** D-2231, a Class-D personnel, was given an instance of SCP-8686. The show was recorded as to understand the true nature of SCP-8686 performances. Only portions of the recording were recoverable, separated by glitches. It is believed a portion of each act was captured.

---

(*The environment begins to shift into the cottage set of SCP-8686 as Act One opens. D-2231 is standing in the front door, holding a bag of groceries.*)

**D-2231:** Woah-- Oh. Did I go to the store?

(*D-2231 walks through the halls, before coming face to face with an instance of SCP-8686-A. D-2231 shifts awkwardly.*)

**D-2231:** ... Carol? They took you in too?

**SCP-8686-A:** Dear, are you feeling alright? Oh, you got the groceries! Did you make sure to pick up some eggs? We're out.

**D-2231:** I--

(*D-2231 looks at the bag, nodding to SCP-8686-A.*)

**D-2231:** Yeah. It looks like I did.

**SCP-8686-A:** Are you hungry, then? I could go for an omelet, and I know how much you like them.

(*D-2231 pauses for a moment, staring at the instance of SCP-8686-A. There is a pause, before tears can be seen in the footage.*)

**D-2231:** I missed you. So much.

**SCP-8686-A:** It's okay now. It's okay.

**D-2231:** You said you would never leave me, and here we are.

**SCP-8686-A:** I remember when I said that. You came home and I was drunk on the couch.

(*D-2231 chuckles and gets closer to SCP-8686-A, hugging it.*)

**D-2231:** I missed you. So much, Carol.

(*D-2231's chuckles turn slowly into sobs, hugging the instance closer.*)

**SCP-8686-A:** I missed you too, Ash.

(*D-2231 looks down at SCP-8686-A while in an embrace, tears flowing. SCP-8686-A wipes away some of her tears, smiling warmly.*)

**D-2231:** I couldn't ask for anyone better.

(*They kiss.*)

**SCP-8686-A:** You said you wouldn't do that anymore.

(*D-2231 takes a sip from a green glass bottle.*)

**SCP-8686-A:** Seriously? I quit. I quit drinking for you.

**D-2231:** Let's just enjoy the moment. Want a sip?

(*SCP-8686-A makes a disgusted face at D-2231.*)

**SCP-8686-A:** You'd better be wasted.

**D-2231:** I actually think I'm rather insightful. Are you sure?

**SCP-8686-A:** Ash. I've been sober for five months now. Are you fucking kidding me?

(*SCP-8686-A clenches its jaw, brushing its hair to the side and glaring at D-2231.*)

**SCP-8686-A:** I'm going to get some fresh air. Feel free to join me when you're *thinking* again.

**D-2231:** Carol, I don't see the problem. I'm not a drunkard like you were--

(*SCP-8686-A glares at D-2231 as tears form.*)

**SCP-8686-A:** Every day, you made me feel bad for drinking. It was a fucking problem, yes, I needed help, but you didn't have to say what you did. You told me I was going to die from it, that I was gonna end up in a fucking gutter.

(*SCP-8686-A's lip quivers as they begin to cry.*)

**SCP-8686-A:** Why in Hell would you say that to me, and why in the love of Christ would you keep drinking-- No, why are you *still* drinking?

**D-2231:** Carol, sweetheart, you just don't get--

**SCP-8686-A:** No, don't try to talk your way out of this.

(*D-2231 visibly sinks lower into her chair, taking a sip from her drink.*)

**SCP-8686-A:** And put down the bottle. I just want you to practice what you preach. Please.

**D-2231:** Okay. Okay, I promise that I'll quit. I'm sorry. I love you, and I'm going to go sleep off my drinks.

(*SCP-8686-A nods, as D-2231 stands up and the scene shifts into a bedroom.*)

(*D-2231 takes a flask, frowning as she downs the contents. Her body trembles.*)

**D-2231:** Last one... Last one. I promise.

(*D-2231 looks to the front door, where SCP-8686-A stands. She has tear-stained eyes and is shaking.*)

**D-2231:** I'm sorry, I don't want you to leave-- please darling, come back.

(*SCP-8686-A looks back, sniffling as tears flow from its eyes.*)

**SCP-8686-A:** I feel like I don't even know you. You won't quit. You won't go to rehab. You won't go to therapy. It's like you don't even want to change.

**D-2231:** I love you though, so much, more than anything else in this stupid small world. Please. Don't leave me alone. I don't want to be alone, you're the only thing that keeps going.

**SCP-8686-A:** I can't do this anymore. You're hurting yourself with your addiction, and then you turn around and hurt me. You--

(*SCP-8686-A's voice trembles, choking up.*)

**SCP-8686-A:** You can say you love me all you want, but every time I see you drink it reminds me of a past I had to crawl out of alone. And you have the gall to throw that back at me, after *everything* you know I've been through? I'm done.

**D-2231:** Carol, honey--

(*SCP-8686-A walks out of the cottage, slamming the door shut.*)

(*D-2231 sits in the house, making her way onto the couch.*)

(*She curls up into a ball, covering herself in a blanket and mumbling nothings to herself to try and calm down. The only remaining noises in the recording are D-2231's sobs, and the dull buzz of the stage lights. After ten minutes of crying, she falls asleep.*)

(*The show ends.*)

 

After the experiment, D-2231 requested Foundation psychiatric services to aid her in mitigating her alcoholism. The request was granted, and D-2231 showed exceptional progress in her recovery.

Efforts are ongoing to identify SCP-8686-A from D-2231's recorded performance. Despite D-2231's insistence, they have never been in a relationship or married to any individuals named 'Carol'. As such, SCP-8686-A's existence as a real individual is pending further investigation.

**<< [SCP-8685](SCP-8685) | SCP-8686 | [SCP-8687](SCP-8687) >>**

=====

> **Filename:** Agare-class.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** cc-by-sa 3.0

=====

> **Filename:** Pseudogenesis_Logo_Flatter.png

> **Name:** Psuedogenesis Logo

> **Author:** 

> **License:** cc-by-sa 3.0

=====

> **Filename:** Vhs_Glitch-cropped-flipped.gif

> **Name:** Language of fourier strings.

> **Author:** Roͬͬ͠͠͡͠͠͠͠͠͠͠͠sͬͬ͠͠͠͠͠͠͠͠͠aͬͬ͠͠͠͠͠͠͠ Menkman

> **License:** cc-by 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/r00s/6974122193/

> **Notes:** Image was cropped and edited by me, 

=====

> **NOTE:** Pseudogenesis Productions from  and  by
