=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8738

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Isolated samples from SCP-8738 are stored in frozen laboratory at Site-██. Due to the recent classification of SCP-8738 as a high-risk biohazard, use for experimental purposes is restricted to Level-4 personnel. 

Due to the Foundation's current inability to detect and identify the precise causes of SCP-8738 synthesis in the civilian population in a timely manner, intelligence will be responsible for tracking and deterrence against possible medical interest in symptoms associated with SCP-8738. Neutralisation of outbreaks caused by SCP-8738-1 has been assigned to Mobile Task Force Rho-7 ('Doctors Without Mortars'). 

The existence of “███████” does not imply SCP-8738, but reading it will only be suitable for environments exposed to ultraviolet light, the only known method to avoid biohazardous contagion.

**Description:** Hematogenous Synthesis and dissemination in the organism occur in the blood tissue.  prion. Its synthesis is, hypothetically, spontaneous in a subgroup of the world population that meets specific parameters related to a specific age range and reading a literary work (*“███████”*) before going to sleep.

Synthesis is known to be almost always fatal. In more than 60% of cases, SCP-8738 has been recovered postmortem for cases of sudden nocturnal death. Autopsy evidence of extreme xerosis, but the exact mechanism of the fatal response is unknown.

Rarely, SCP-8738 synthesis develops non-lethal symptoms and those infected become contagious agents, declared as SCP-8738-1. Instances manifest:

* Initial symptoms similar to mild-moderate anemia. Fatigue, muscle weakness, cooling, dizziness and tachycardia are prominent.

* Onset of a period of noticeable physiological changes after approximately four days. Namely: macrodontia in canines, extreme loss of pigment in the skin (vitiligo) and permanent ocular inflammation (conjunctivitis). Photosensitivity is an expected consequence. 

* Neural alterations, resulting in behavioral changes based on hematophagous compulsion, involving violence against other living beings by means of dental perforation.

* SCP-8738-1 in its advanced stages presents ████████████, which has derived in misplacement of previously contained instances.

SCP-8738-1 infects SCP-8738 through dental inoculation for blood-based feeding purposes.

**Experiment Log:** Current research has limited record of the fatal effects of SCP-8738. This, added to the fact that artificial inoculation invariably produces the SCP-8738-1 response. It has been chosen to elicit spontaneous synthesis in Class-D personnel through known conditions, with the intention of directly recording a death caused by SCP-8738 in situ.

Experimental procedure based on reading “███████” yielded the following results:

| Time | Phase | Observations |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 22:30 | Before reading. | D-Class subject remains calm, unaware about SCP-8738 and “███████”. The experimental copy of the work is given to the subject and instructions are given: to read “███████" |
| 23:30 | During reading. | The polygraph indicates few initial physiological changes. Then, a slight increase in heart rate and respiration is observed, as well as a slight tendency to look around, possible reaction to absent stimuli |
| 2:45 | After reading. | Polygraph indicates increased heart rate and respiration above the previous level. The visual tendency becomes mania, the subject claims to perceive apparent auditory hallucinations. |
| 3:00 | Before synthesis. | Mild polygraph failures due to erratic nervous movements. Persecution delirium is present, the subject shows clear signs of stress and panic. Vocalizes regret of having read “███████” |
| 3:33 | Synthesis | Synthesis initiated in the common carotid artery, new result recorded. Further results confirmed that spontaneous synthesis always starts in this zone. Somehow corresponds to the tendency of SCP-8738-1 to bite into neck.  |
| 3:50 | Synthesis | Blood analysis shows anomalous hypovolaemia. The process is apparently painful, as evidenced by screams. The subject experiences hallucinations, as she reacts to absent stimuli in accordance with all forms of physical detection in the surroundings, even in agony. The vocalisations mention ██████████ erratically and are associated with certain literary content of “███████”. |
| 4:00 | Death. | Disabled polygraph. Xerosis appears to be a consequence of extreme hypovolaemia. |

<< [SCP-8737](SCP-8737) | SCP-8738 | [SCP-8739](SCP-8739) >>
