=====

=====

:root {

    --accent: 200, 2, 2;

    ~~logo-img: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/component:pride-highlighter/ally_logo_blk.svg);

}

#page-options-container {

  border: none;

}

#main-content .page-tags {

  border-top: thin solid grey;

  padding-top: 0.7rem;

}

##5a5a5a|The Awesomest Man##

]

---

---

# Special Containment Procedures

Contingents of ATF 𐤈-12 have been situated within all continental United States population centers with a population greater than 1500 and located within or in proximity to a wooded area. These contingents are to conduct daily patrols of such locales to locate SCP-8794 instances, should they manifest, and establish perimeters around them, conducting any necessary analysis procedures before demolishing the instance. Foundation Webcrawler bots I/O-SAURON and I/O-MANDELA are to monitor relevant online spaces for instances of iconography and references to phenomena associated with SCP-8794.

Response to SCP-8794-1 instances is handled on a case-by-case basis according to the nature of the instance. ATF 𐤈-12 is to coordinate with applicable MTF assets to facilitate amnestization and information control procedures as appropriate. Contained instances of SCP-8794-1 are to be transferred to the first available Foundation facility for processing and preparation for long-term containment; byproducts of SCP-8794-1 instances may be transferred in the manner above or disposed of at the discretion of SCP-8794's current Research Head.

As of this writing, SCP-8794-A is considered an EKHI-Level Veil Threat and must be apprehended immediately. While SCP-8794-A has yet to display any overt hostility to the Foundation or its goals, they are considered a Class-III Reality Bender. Possesses the ability to induce anomalization and effect reality unilaterally, but whose effects are limited to defined areas and do not persist indefinitely.  and must be confronted appropriately.

---

# Description

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |click-fullscreen=--]

|speed=320

|align=right

|float=true

|width=360px

|url=haus.jpg

|alt=alt|alt-text=hidden text

|add-caption=true

|caption=Inert instance of SCP-8794.

]]

SCP-8794 is a collective group of log cabins constructed from pinewood; each of varying heights and interior areas. SCP-8794 do not possess any overt visual anomalies; however, they can be identified via commonalities in architectural style and physical characteristics, particularly a state of moderate disrepair. Any entrances to SCP-8794 are universally sealed from their interior; it is possible to penetrate SCP-8794 through intrusive means, however, any damaged or destroyed portions will regenerate themselves at a rate that precludes uninterrupted ingress and egress.

SCP-8794 periodically. The longest observed period between manifestations was 6.2 months, while the shortest was 5 hours.  manifest in wooded areas within the continental United States, typically in proximity to areas of moderate human habitation, such as neighborhoods and small towns. Upon manifesting, SCP-8794-A and an instance of SCP-8794-1 will manifest within such a township; SCP-8794-1 vary significantly in nature and properties, though possess several operational and behavioral similarities with one another. SCP-8794-1, directed by SCP-8794-A, work to spread as much fear and unrest throughout affected townships as possible, and typically possess characteristics generally regarded as horrific, disturbing, or otherwise unpleasant by most of humanity. SCP-8794-1 are generally unsuccessful in this purpose, often due to extenuating circumstances or an insufficient understanding of human emotions by the SCP-8794-1 instance in question or SCP-8794-A. SCP-8794-1 instances will not demanifest after SCP-8794-A vanishes.

SCP-8794-A is a humanoid entity that manifests alongside SCP-8794-1, resembling an average-built human wearing a dark cloak that obscures their facial features. It is unknown if SCP-8794-A is human, though they are sapient; they are typically seen directing SCP-8794-1 instances or facilitating favorable scenarios for their operation. SCP-8794-A will ignore attempts at direct contact and flee when directly confronted, vanishing once out of sight.

---

# **{{INSTANCE LOGS}}**

SCP-8794-1-3

**DATE:** MAR/25/2009

**LOCATION:** Itasca State Park, MN

**SCP-8794-1 DESCRIPTION:** An unoccupied residential home in Park Rapids; vacant since 1992. Displayed numerous qualities indicative of spectral phenomena, including disembodied noises, a fluid resembling blood oozing from walls in a manner reminiscent of bleeding, and spontaneous manifestations of human viscera throughout. Notably, analysis by responding Foundation personnel did not detect the presence of any legitimate spectral entities.

---

**INCIDENT SUMMARY:** Instance remained unaddressed for several weeks as anomalous phenomena continued. A civilian eventually noted SCP-8794-1-3's effects while walking around their neighborhood and submitted a complaint to local police, attempting to press obscenity charges against the home's owners. Subsequent investigation by MTF ι-10 ("Damn Feds") operatives within the Park Rapids police force confirmed SCP-8794-1-3's properties and facilitated the home's transfer to Foundation ownership, however, analysis by researchers determined its anomalous properties ceased soon after discovery.

---

**NOTES:** SCP-8794-1-1 was classified as an Extranormal Event prior to SCP-8794's discovery. Operatives noted the presence of SCP-8794-A, though failed to locate them.

SCP-8794-1-5

**DATE:** OCT/05/2009

**LOCATION:** Lynchburg, VA

**SCP-8794-1 DESCRIPTION:** A large humanoid entity resembling a baseline human, wearing a motorcycle jacket with jeans and a large metallic bucket over its head, obscuring any facial features. This entity carried a large fire axe and behaved aggressively, however, the entity moved exceptionally slow, irrespective of any force applied to it or any haste in its movements.  

---

**INCIDENT SUMMARY:** The entity moved throughout Lynchburg in a stalking manner and attempted to abduct and kill several townsfolk; all individuals involved were able to easily avoid these advances. The entity became a figure of ridicule in Lynchburg for some time before being accidentally destroyed by falling debris.

---

**NOTES:** The entity was not detected until several months following its appearance, necessitating a prolonged disinformation campaign. This was exacerbated by the entity's properties, interfering with attempts to maintain the clandestine nature of containment operations.

SCP-8794-1-6

**DATE:** JUN/03/2010

**LOCATION:** Bend, OR

**SCP-8794-1 DESCRIPTION:** A spectral entity seen moving throughout several different residences in Bend. When directly interacted with, this entity would provide subjects with an elaborate and incredibly detailed story regarding their origins; these narratives are structured in a way to elicit horror, though their excessive degree of detail undermined their horrific value.

---

**INCIDENT SUMMARY:** This entity's actions were initially noted as an urban legend spread throughout a variety of conspiracy forums and several stories told by the entity have been shared on the internet in various forms since the entity's discovery. The entity naturally dissipated as its stories lost popularity, though information control procedures were still deemed necessary due to their widespread nature.

---

**NOTES:** N/A

SCP-8794-1-10

**DATE:** FEB/11/2011

**LOCATION:** Gillette, WY

**SCP-8794-1 DESCRIPTION:** Massive mechanical automaton, the remains of which were found outside Gillette. This entity appears to have been designed with several anomalous weapons systems, though it was inactive when discovered.

---

**INCIDENT SUMMARY:** This entity was noted by several townsfolk, who described hearing an exceptionally loud mechanical noise followed by a similarly large crash. Footage of the entity captured and shared online by investigating citizens alerted Foundation webcrawlers to the entity's existence and containment was enacted immediately.

---

**NOTES:** Analysis of the entity by Foundation Roboticists determined that while it operated on baseline forms of fuel, the entity required an amount far in excess of that available on Earth and that the entity was not sufficiently fueled upon manifestation.

SCP-8794-1-15

**DATE:** SEP/29/2012

**LOCATION:** Russellville, AR

**SCP-8794-1 DESCRIPTION:** A large group (estimated 700 indivduals) of human corpses, each sentient and capable of unassisted bipedal movement.

---

**INCIDENT SUMMARY:** These entities were seen moving throughout Russellville, politely asking residents if they could eat their flesh in a manner associated with the archetypical "zombie". One instance, upon seeing itself in the reflection of a store's display window, expressed distress at its desiccated appearance and informed the other "zombies" present, causing them to realize they possess similar appearances. The group began panicking, expressing various reactions ranging from attempting to improve their appearance using cosmetic products to attempted self-destruction. Foundation assets were immediately alerted to this event via national news coverage; the entities were contained without significant resistance.

---

**NOTES:** While no casualties or fatalities resulted from this event, it nonetheless necessitated a massive disinformation campaign, among the largest in the Foundation's history. SCP-8794's object class has been raised to Keter and capture of SCP-8794-A has been elevated to a Beta-Level priority.

# **{{CONTAINMENT UPDATE}}**

On OCT/01/2013, an SCP-8794 instance displayed unprecedented behavior upon manifesting outside Charles City, Virginia, USA. The instance manifested as expected, though no accompanying SCP-8794-1 instance manifested; the SCP-8794 instance remained inert as ATF 𐤈-12 secured a perimeter. SCP-8794-A exited the instance shortly after their arrival and was immediately apprehended without resistance; following is a log of their interrogation and findings compiled from exploration of the aforementioned SCP-8794 instance.

<details>
<summary>SCP-8794-19 Exploration</summary>

## **EXPLORATION REPORT**

---

**PARTICIPATING PERSONNEL:**

Dr. Kristen Cambell (A-837020). Personnel are reminded that Applied Personnel's participation in direct anomaly engagement is entirely voluntary. 

Cmdr. Yesenia Parham, MTF ψ-7 ("Home Improvement"). Mobile Task Force specializing in the research and exploration of man-made or otherwise intentionally-built anomalous structures. 

Agt. Ashley Hemsworth, MTF ψ-7

Agt. Francis Sandweiss, MTF ψ-7

---

**PREFACE**

---

Whereas all prior SCP-8794 instances discovered did not contain any anomalies of note when explored, SCP-8794-19 displayed obvious anomalous characteristics upon entry by responding personnel. As I am the head researcher on SCP-8794 and have prior experience as a member of Applied Personnel, I took it upon myself to conduct this exploration alongside Agents of MTF ψ-7, who were fortuitously already present in the area; responding to an uncontained specimen of [SCP-1452](SCP-1452). To encourage empirical observations and with the ascent of ψ-7, I have compiled this document in the form of an Exploration Report; however, the full log of our Exploration is available upon request to my office.

{{Kristen Cambell, Head Researcher, SCP-8794}}

---

**OVERVIEW**

---

The interior of SCP-8794-19 resembled a massive underground complex consisting of numerous floors and descending 7 levels underground; a distance of approximately 4.3 kilometers. Each level contained a series of doors leading to various environs, all resembling the settings of different horror movies. Some notable examples we encountered:

* The shore of a large lake, with an empty log cabin present on its shore.

* A forest at night.

* A neighborhood whose houses all appear identical.

* An asphalt road in total darkness, save for an ambient light that remained immediately ahead of me and my team at all times.

* A hospital.

* A High School campus, decorated for Halloween festivities.

* The set of an in-production horror film.

These areas were fully traversable and behaved as similar environments would in baseline reality, though they did not contain any inhabitants.. I am recommending further analysis be carried out by experts in pataphysics/narrativistics.  At the bottom of this complex, we found a massive ritual circle appearing similar to a traditional summoning circle and showing evidence of recent use. My team retrieved all items of interest found without issue.

{{Yesenia Parham, Commander, MTF ψ-7}}

---

**RECOVERED ITEMS**

---

These are the notable items we recovered during our exploration of SCP-8794-19, including all items that formed the aforementioned ritual circle.

* 210 Liters of fake blood.

* 9 plastic facsimiles of assorted bladed melee weapons, such as daggers, machetes, knives, etc.

* A shotgun with unspent shells.

* 6 dismembered human body part props, each stained with varying amounts of fake blood.

* A 1990s-era analog camcorder. (Non-functional)

* 14 plastic masks, each depicting a famous creature or character associated with the horror genre.

* A CRT television with a connected Blu-Ray player.

* 162 Blu-Ray copies of various horror movies.

{{Kristen Cambell, Head Researcher, SCP-8794}}

</details>

<details>
<summary>SCP-8794-A Interrogation</summary>

## **INTERROGATION LOG**

---

**INTERROGATOR:** Dr. Theresa A. Minos

**SUPERVISING:** Dr. Kristen Cambell

**SUBJECT:** SCP-8794-A

---

**[BEGIN LOG]**

---

**SCP-8794-A:** Alright. You got me, big whoop. Is this really necessary when you've clearly already swept my lair?  

**DR. MINOS:** Standard procedure, SCP-8794-A, and considering you wouldn't be in this position if not for your wanton disruption of the veil, I don't believe you are in a position to ask such a thing. On a similar note, if I may speak freely for a moment?

**(Dr. Cambell responds in the affirmative from off-camera)**

**DR. MINOS:** Thank you. Despite your obvious frustration, you've been unusually cooperative for an anomalous fugitive, SCP-8794-A.

**SCP-8794-A:** Yeah, no shit. Not like I can do much in the face of the freaking Foundation.

**DR. MINOS:** And yet you clearly want attention drawn to your "haunted house" charade. I think you allowed us to capture you to some ulterior end.

**(SILENCE)**

**SCP-8794-A:** Are you shitting me? Look at my face, does this look like a face that could do anything, *anything* more than stick its tongue out at you and hope for the best?

**DR. MINOS:** As someone so clearly adept at fearmongering, I believe you could appreciate the adage "looks are deceiving", SCP-8794-A.

**SCP-8794-A:** Ok, the sarcasm was a little uncalled for.

**DR. MINOS:** Returning to the task at hand: what was your goal in all this, SCP-8794-A? What could you have hoped to accomplish with your charade?

**SCP-8794-A:** I wanted to be like the scary people on the TV.

**DR. MINOS:** You just wanted to scare people?

**SCP-8794-A:** Did I stutter?

**DR. MINOS:** You're dancing around the question; *why* do you want to scare people, and why did you continue trying despite your failure?

**SCP-8794-A:** What are you expecting me to say? That I kneel before the almighty ancient ones and seek to weaken humanity's resolve so their inevitable invasion goes smoothly? I like horror movies and I think scaring people is fun, that's it.

**DR. MINOS:** I find that very hard to believe, SCP-8794-A. If you truly are motivated solely by sadism, why try running?

**SCP-8794-A:** Can't do too much scary stuff in a box, can you?

**DR.MINOS:** Why submit yourself to us?

**SCP-8794-A:** That was more a kneejerk reaction, now that I think about it. Things weren't working and I just wanted the cabins out of my sight.

**DR. MINOS:** So that's it? Your sole motivation as a rampant anomaly was to scare people and you allowed us to contain you because you were frustrated.

**SCP-8794-A:** Right on the money, sister. Honestly, I think you expect too much out of anomalies.

---

**[END LOG]**

---

</details>

<details>
<summary>You May Also Like...</summary>

# [SCP-4415](SCP-4415)

## Humanoid Containment Chamber #λ045

**By **

</details>

=====

> **Filename:** haus.jpg

> **Author:** Ted Moravec

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [=====

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](https://www.flickr.com/photos/tmoravec/50807588793])]
