body {

font-size: 0.95em;

}

**CONFIDENTIAL // LEVEL 2**

**FILE #:** SCP-8633

**SUMMARY:** Anomalous event designated SCP-8633 resulting in multiple casualties. No further anomalous activity observed.

**DETAILS:** Event occurred on June 25, 1993 in Northfield, Maine. Present were Stephanie Harris, Steven Gibbs, Melissa Page, and Casey Matthews.

Northfield residents reported observing a blue flash of light in the direction of Cherry Ln at approximately 10:45 PM. Melissa Page's car was found stationary on Cherry Ln, 4 mi from Northfield. Vehicle was disposed of post-examination, and road reopened on August 1 after investigation and cleanup. All local witnesses were amnesticized following interview.

Victims were reported missing following event. Casey Matthews returned to her residence two days later with no memory of the events of June 25. Preliminary medical examination revealed no abnormalities; however, changes in her personality were reported by Diane and Vincent Matthews. Amnesticization deemed unnecessary.

Following the event, Casey Matthews developed stereotypies including trichotillomania Hair pulling. , dermatillomania Skin picking. , and scratching skin. Additionally, Matthews exhibited a blunted affect that subsided three weeks later. No other abnormal behaviors noted. Surveillance concluded June 25, 1994, and anomaly was determined neutralized due to lack of reoccurrence.

**ADDENDUM:** Investigative capabilities were limited due to levels of ionizing radiation inside the vehicle NOTE: Radiation was contained entirely within the vehicle's interior.  exceeding safety limits for standard protective equipment. 

Indents in asphalt under the car's tires and burn marks on nearby trees indicated significant heat during the event. NOTE: Car sustained no evident heat damage.  A transparent organic residue containing human DNA coated the interior of the car and nearby road segments. 

The car's contents were as follows.

* Jumper cables

* Three fake driver's licenses

* One valid driver's license

* Six empty beer bottles

* Assorted plastic wrappers

* Two flashlights

* Four human skeletons

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8632](SCP-8632) | SCP-8633 | [SCP-8634](SCP-8634) >>

@@ @@
