=====

=====

⚠️ **CW:** This article evokes sexual trauma and is explicitly NSFW (18+).

**Item #:** SCP-8545

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The construction paper containing SCP-8545 is kept within Folder C-2 in Site-433's Anomalous Media Storage Unit. The sheet itself is covered with a plastic opaque material so as not to risk accidental exposure.

Further testing fixated on the anomaly is considered a waste of resources. Personnel are warned beforehand that any requests for amnestic treatment in relation to information about the circumstances of SCP-8545's discovery will be denied.

Requests to engage with SCP-8545 in private will be denied.

*~~Seriously? Not even a little peek?! This is madness! - Dr. Lux~~*

> *This is the second time I've had to request you not to write these grossly unprofessional "humorous" notes on your assigned documentation. Understand that I have been lenient on you in the past. Last time I give this warning. - Site Director **J. M.***

**Description:** SCP-8545 is a sketch scrawled on a singular sheet of beige colored construction paper. Analysis of the material the anomaly was designed on has determined that the "origin" of the anomaly is fixated specifically within the sketch itself. For all intents and purposes, the construction paper itself is entirely non-anomalous.

Markers, colored pencils, crayons, and glitter glue are determined to be the main tools used to craft the sketch. Art quality is poor, various elements appear traced from resources discovered online. The construction paper is punctured in various areas, assumed from being subjected to intense pressure whilst the artist was drawing SCP-8545.

SCP-8545 depicts Jane Read, a character from the animated children's show *Arthur*, [DATA EXPUNGED]. Several other figures can be seen, expressing indifference or disinterest at the situation. Jane Read is smiling. A speech bubble has been drawn above her, it remains blank.

Any subject viewing SCP-8545 will invariably find the contents sexually gratifying. This arousal is determined to be independent of the subject's own sexual orientation or personal desires. Considering the contents of SCP-8545, most subjects questioned after viewing the anomaly convey discomfort. The average SCP-8545 exposed subject will express shame and unwillingness to discuss their arousal regarding the depicted event. The shame expressed is considered non-anomalous. Subjects who are sexually fascinated with the acts depicted in SCP-8545 do not express shame upon viewing, and consider their response to it normal.

Subjects do not experience any codependency when it comes to the imagery within SCP-8545. Subjects do not experience difficulty achieving orgasm without imagining or viewing SCP-8545. Subjects are able to suppress SCP-8545 from their memory with mental effort, amnestics are not required. Mental distress caused by SCP-8545 is negligible and can be reversed with time. Any codependency or fixation expressed is entirely of the subject's own volition.

On the back of the construction paper containing SCP-8545, crudely written in red marker:

> Characer chosen is Arthurs mother. ITs Out of me now. Im okay now. Plece no looking. Love all despite it.(sic)

**Discovery:** Reports of "low wailing" [DATA EXPUNGED].

Subject was aroun[DATA EXPUNGED].

Dr Lux. attempted to take subject into custody, subject prom[DATA EXPUNGED].

[DATA EXPUNGED].

Cleanup took a total of 12 hours to complete. Whereabouts of the subject are undetermined, assumed to be in hiding. Dr. Lux was severely reprimanded.

<< [SCP-8544](SCP-8544) | SCP-8545| [SCP-8546](SCP-8546) >>
