.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

**Item #:** SCP-8362

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8362 is to be held within a standard object containment locker in Site-27. Testing sessions are to be performed in a sound-proofed room. During testing sessions, the user of SCP-8362 is to be a designated Class C personnel member with no less than three (3) years of experience playing a percussion instrument of any kind, with preference for mastery in marching or concert snare drum. The current designated user of SCP-8362 is Junior Researcher Nicholas Neil. 

**Description:** SCP-8362 is a Civil War era marching snare drum of unknown make. SCP-8362 is visually and audibly similar to other marching snare drums used by military formations to signal commands in combat during this period. Due to SCP-8362 having design hallmarks closely resembling Boston-made marching snare drums of this era, it is believed to have been used by Union forces. 

SCP-8362 was recovered from a small Virginia-based Civil War history museum. Local police and paramedics responded to a report that an unattended child had started hitting the drum, which caused an anomalous effect that the curator of the museum, Mr. Dennis ████, interpreted as a stroke. Hallmonitor.aic, a Foundation construct that monitors emergency phone calls in the United States, marked the call as potentially relating to an anomalous object and Foundation agents moved to intercept. Due to all involved believing that the effects Mr. Dennis ████ felt were the result of a stroke, amnestics were deemed unnecessary.

The anomalous effects of SCP-8362 occur when an individual makes contact with the head of the drum with enough force to produce sound, either using their hand or another object such as, but not limited to, a drumstick. For simplicity, this action will be referred to as "playing" the drum. When two or more notes are played in succession, any individuals not currently playing the drum that are able to hear the sound produced, will perform an action in perfect synchronization with the tempo currently being played on the drum. For example, a single stroke roll at 110 bpm (beats per minute) played on SCP-8362 could result in all hearing-abled individuals nearby tapping their foot at 110 bpm. 

However, the action performed upon hearing SCP-8362 depends on several factors. Testing has suggested that an action currently being undertaken when SCP-8362's effect occurs will likely be the action that falls in synchronization with the player's tempo. However, if a subject is idle when SCP-8362's effect occurs, a random, low effort action will be undertaken (breathing, blinking, snapping etc.) in synchronization with the player's tempo. If an action is rendered difficult to perform, due to restraint or injury, an alternate action will replace it, with SCP-8362's effects following what appears to be a "path of least resistance" model to select the appropriate action.

SCP-8362-A is a handwritten journal, by a 16-year-old Union Army drummer-boy, that was found inside the shell of SCP-8362 soon after recovery. Most of the pages within the journal have been rendered illegible due to water damage.  The journal's contents have a minor memetic effect which causes readers to tap, hum, whistle, or snap rhythmically for about 10-15 minutes after reading. Due to the minimal risk posed by this effect, the contents of the journal that are undamaged are recorded in this document.

<details>
<summary>+ Open SCP-8362 Testing Logs</summary>

Test 01/3/17

Subject

One D-Class personnel (D-11212), male, able bodied, average build.

Protocol

Junior Researcher Neil plays a single stroke rollAlternating sticking playing one stroke per hand on SCP-8362 at 122 bpm for 30 seconds, while D-11212 stands 6 meters away.

Results

D-11212 tapped foot at exactly 122 bpm during the entirety of single stroke roll. When questioned, subject denies having tapped foot.

Test 01/4/17

Subject

One D-Class personnel (D-11550), female, able bodied, average build.

Protocol

D-11550 was instructed to walk in a circle 10 meters away before playing began, and refrain from changing pace to the best of her ability. Junior Researcher Neil plays a single stroke roll on SCP-8362 at 110 bpm for 30 seconds.

Results

D-11550 maintains consistent pace before playing begins but increases speed to 110bpm after Junior Researcher Neil starts to play SCP-8362. Subject denies having increased walking pace despite marked difference.

Test 01/5/17

Subject

One D-Class personnel (D-55221), male, able bodied, average build.

Protocol

D-11550 was instructed to run down a 100-meter hallway and refrain from changing pace to the best of his ability. Junior Researcher Neil plays a single stroke roll on SCP-8362 at 270 bpm for 30 seconds. It was understood that 270 bpm is significantly faster than an average human would be able to full extend their legs to run. 

Results

D-55221 syncopates a combination of footsteps, snapping, and blinking to achieve a composite activity performed at 270 bpm. Subject was unaware of the additional actions or change in running pace. 

Test 01/6/17

Subject

One D-Class personnel (D-90125), female, able bodied, average build.

Protocol

D-90125 was administered a potent full-body paralytic, rendering her unable to voluntarily move in any way. Vital signs monitored. Junior Researcher Neil plays a single stroke roll on SCP-8362 at 120 bpm for 30 seconds.

Results

D-90125 does not exhibit any forms of external movement. However, her heart rate rises to 120 bpm.

Test 01/7/17

Subject

One D-Class personnel (D-34300), male, able bodied, large build.

Protocol

D-34300 was administered a potent full body paralytic and a pacemaker to control heart rate was surgically inserted. Oxygen was administered at a set rate to control breathing rate. Junior Researcher Neil plays a single stroke roll on SCP-8362 at 120 bpm for 30 seconds.

Results

D-34300 displays no change in external or internal behavior. After approximately 10 seconds, Researcher Neil and all other staff observing testing report a rhythmic "pounding, thumping" noise from within their own head, causing significant distress and confusion. When asked to tap the sound's pace, all effected tapped at a rate of 120 bpm. The effect continued for about 9 hours until project lead Dr. Rich requisitioned and administered Class-B amnestics to himself and the other effected staff. Junior Researcher Neil, despite not reporting the initial "thumping" effect after amnestics dosage, has been observed by peers to behave in a rhythmic, robotic fashion since the test on 01/7/17, often walking or typing at a consistent, metronomic pace. Testing discontinued until further notice.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open SCP-8362-A Recovered Page 1</summary>

January 2nd, 1862

My grand adventure awaits! The man in the uniform I saw in town told me I'd get to see the whole nation, and bring honor to my family name. Unfortunately, I'm not quite old enough to bear the rifle just yet. I tried, disgracefully, to fabricate my age but he saw right through my facade. No matter! He informed me the role of the drummer boy is one of the most crucial on the battlefield! And I've always had quite the knack for music. I embark tomorrow, at break of dawn!

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open SCP-8362-A Recovered Page 2</summary>

February 6th, 1862

As of yet, not quite the adventure I had foreseen. The travel is weary, and we lack the supplies to sustain an entire battalion of men. Pangs of hunger beat away at my core. But it is not all bad. All that is truly expected of me, outside of normal duties, is to practice away at my marching snare. And that I do enjoy. The dire nature of our situation seems to vanish at those times.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open SCP-8362-A Recovered Page 3</summary>

February 28th, 1862

Our first battle awaits tomorrow morn. The others are engaged in drinking and reverie, I presume to calm their incensed nerves, but I cannot. I know not why, but the constant pounding of my restless heart tells me I shan't live to see tomorrow evening. God willing, I will die playing.

</details>

<< [SCP-8361](SCP-8361) | SCP-8362 | [SCP-8363](SCP-8363) >>

> **Name: Drum, 1861-1865** (if different from filename)

> **Author: Daderot**

> **License: Public Domain**

> **Source Link: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Drum,_1861-1865_-_North_Carolina_Museum_of_History_-_DSC06014.JPG**
