**Item #:** SCP-8640

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-8640 has not manifested since 1996, no active procedures are necessary.

**Description:** SCP-8640 refers to an anomalous spectral entity that resided in Researcher James Xavier's childhood home at 10672 ██████ █████, Kansas, from May 1992 to April 1996. This entity often took the form of a white, featureless, ethereal humanoid. As with most spectral entities, SCP-8640 had the ability to traverse through physical barriers, as well as the ability to de-manifest and re-manifest in different locations.

While it is unclear which Spectral CauseThe reason for a Spectral Entity's manifestation. resulted in SCP-8640 manifesting or being bound to 10672 ██████ █████, examination of its pattern of behaviors throughout the years seems to correspond with the common patterns of a Type-A4 Spectral Entity ("Benevolent Guardian").

It is unknown when SCP-8640 manifested, but Researcher Xavier recalls his first encounter with SCP-8640 occurring a short amount of time after his father's funeral. Researcher Xavier recounts waking up in the middle of the night to find SCP-8640 standing over the bed, watching over him. Upon questioning, SCP-8640 did not reply, but instead ruffled Researcher Xavier's hair, caressed his cheek, and wiped away his tears.

Researcher Xavier went back to sleep, and woke up in the morning to find SCP-8640 missing. Under the assumption that the previous night's encounter had been a dream, Researcher Xavier continued with his routine before encountering SCP-8640 once again the following week.

Researcher Xavier recalls several dozen encounters with SCP-8640 throughout the years. These encounters usually consisted of SCP-8640 watching over him as he played or slept, walking from room to room before de-manifesting, examining various items in the house, or standing still in one place. On several occasions, Researcher Xavier spotted SCP-8640 observing him through the windows while he was playing outside. SCP-8640 did not vocalize once throughout all of these encounters.

Researcher Xavier's last encounter with SCP-8640 was in April 1996, when after a game of hide and seek, SCP-8640 stared at him for several minutes, before standing up, waving goodbye, and walking towards the kitchen. When Researcher Xavier entered the kitchen, SCP-8640 was no longer there. Researcher Xavier and his mother moved away the following week.

In 2014, Researcher Xavier submitted a paper regarding his experiences with SCP-8640 to the Department Of Specterology, shortly after joining the Foundation. A small team equipped with Spectral Detection Units was subsequently dispatched to 10672 ██████ █████ in order to scan the premises for spectral signatures. However, the team failed to produce evidence of recent spectral habitation. It was then concluded that SCP-8640 had somehow fulfilled its Spectral Cause through its interactions with Researcher Xavier, and had self-neutralized through Final De-manifestation.Neutralization of a Spectral Entity through resolution of a Spectral Cause.

SCP-8640 was reclassified as Neutralized.

**Addendum 8640-A:** The following is an excerpt of Researcher James Xavier's account regarding SCP-8640, originally submitted to the Department Of Specterology.

I called him Mr. Disappear, and he was more than a ghost - he was my ghost. I was a grieving kid, and as a grieving kid, I was ready to accept a lot of things... my poor mom, not so much. She just chalked it up to a grief-fueled overactive imagination, but it must've been so strange for her, looking back. All the other kids had cartoon monsters or colorful robots as imaginary friends, but I had this strange little man who never spoke, who had no face or any identifiable traits, who only ever watched from afar, who always seemed to disappear whenever she was coming.

I convinced myself it was an overactive imagination for all those years too, after we moved out, but now that I'm at the Foundation, now that I know what I know... I can't help but look back at those times fondly, y'know? He was... he was a good distraction. I needed that at the time. And he made an alright friend, in the end. Hell of a show-man, too. He made a show of it, that's why I called him Mr. Disappear - he always went to another room to disappear, and I enjoyed that, going into a room where he should've been and finding nothing.

I never understood what he wanted - if it was just friendship or something else. At times, he seemed focused, but others, he seemed confused. I figure part of it was looking out for me. And that made me think of my dad. Part of me wonders if... nevermind. In the end, since he disappeared, I figure he got what he came for, right? Still, weirdly enough, I kinda miss him.

I guess I'm trying to say that it's a bit nice to get that bit of closure after all these years, to finally have an explanation for something that you conceded was unexplainable so long ago. So, thanks for that.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Addendum 8640-B:** On 7/13/2025, Researcher Xavier returned to 10672 ██████ █████ for the first time in years after attending a seminar in the area. While walking around the premises, he noticed a small cavity at the base of the southern outer wall that had previously been covered up by a bush. Researcher Xavier discovered that the cavity housed a hidden trapdoor leading to a previously unknown basement under the building.

Subsequent examination revealed that the basement was actually connected to other rooms in the house through several discrete tunnels, accessible through carefully concealed trapdoors in the floor of each room, disguised as floor tiles.

In a small box, Researcher Xavier discovered a decayed white bodysuit that roughly resembled SCP-8640's appearance. Testing revealed the presence of at least 4 distinct DNA profiles inside, all of which have yet to be identified.

After further investigation, SCP-8640 has been reclassified as Explained due to a lack of anomalous phenomena.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= << [SCP-8639](SCP-8639) | SCP-8640 | [SCP-8641](SCP-8641) >>

> **Filename:** TheOldHome.jpg

> **Name:** File:Vintage Assam Type home,Golaghat,Assam.jpg

> **Author:** পাপৰি বৰা

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Vintage_Assam_Type_home,Golaghat,Assam.jpg

> **Filename:** Disappearer.png

> **Name:** Disappearer

> **Author:** FrankEntropy

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [/scp-8640 SCP Foundation Wiki]

> **Additional Notes:** Original creation

> **Filename:** WhereHeLived.png

> **Name:** File:Abandoned rice packaging factory in Estarreja, Portugal (32646534427).jpg

> **Author:** New World Order - Aveiro Branch from Portugal

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Abandoned_rice_packaging_factory_in_Estarreja,_Portugal_(32646534427).jpg
