:root {

  --accentColor: 235, 198, 96;

  --darkColor: 40, 26, 8;

}

.footnotes-footer { 

    visibility: hidden; 

    height: 0;

    padding: 0;

    margin: 0;

}

**Item-#:** 8332

**Object Class:** Apollyon

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8332-A and SCP-8332-B are deceased. This document exists primarily for archival purposes, and does not describe an anomaly that warrants, nor has ever warranted, active containment. 

There exist no tenable intervention strategies for SCP-8332. It was inevitable.

**Description:** On 12-01-2024, 09:37:16 EST, Junior Researcher John Mahler (SCP-8332-A), aged 33, abruptly suffered total cardiac failure in combination with severe, spontaneous blunt force trauma throughout his body. Injuries sustained included: shattered pelvis, shattered femur & tibia, ruptured left femoral artery, perforated large intestine, left kidney, stomach, and bladder (resultant of pelvic bone fragments), fractured skull, fractured left arm, collapsed left lung, and partially severed left foot. 

---

SCP-8332-A's death was instantaneous and incongruous with its immediate causal context, prompting tentative designation as an anomalous event until further investigation.

On 12-01-2024, 22:37:16 JST, Declan Yuu Ramirez, aged 34, was struck and killed by a drunk driver outside of his apartment in Osaka, Japan, sustaining injuries including fractured left arm, collapsed left lung, shattered femur & tibia, ruptured left femoral artery, perforated stomach, large intestine, bladder, and left kidney, shattered pelvis, fractured skull, and partially severed left foot. Ramirez was then designated SCP-8332-B.

Following this, a semicomprehensive study crossexamining the medical, professional, and documented personal events & occurrences shared by SCP-8332-A and SCP-8332-B was conducted. (Summarized & Ongoing)

12-01-2024 - Died.

31-12-2023 - Kissed a stranger (Photodump).

17-12-2023 - Experienced a bout of bronchitis.

18-10-2023 - Hospitalized for accidental alcohol toxicity.

16-10-2023 - Switched cell phone providers (T-Mobile →)

15-10-2023 - Deleted and re-installed Instagram a total of eleven times.

12-10-2023 - Moved into a new studio apartment.

23-09-2023 - Made a personal loan inquiry.

16-06-2023 - Made a joint loan inquiry.

03-03-2023 - Filed to change taxing status.

29-08-2022 - Hospitalized for broken leg.

13-06-2022 - Moved into a one bedroom apartment (1 co-applicant).

07-02-2022 - Death of a parent (Maternal).

25-09-2021 - Hospitalized for accidental alcohol toxicity.

---

SCP-8332-A and SCP-8332-B's activity from 2016-2021 display highly congruent patterns of mental health treatment and inconsistent employment. Data from prior to 2016 is erratic and incomplete (Pending).

Documents recovered from the personal belongings of SCP-8332-A and SCP-8332-B indicate superficial or inconsistent cognitive consideration of the polar instance, colloquially described by Dr. Harman Waters as "Lopsided"

From 1994-2000, SCP-8332-A and SCP-8332-B both attended Banyan Creek Elementary School. Findings suggest this time period was the only span of such in which the two anomalies had sustained direct interpersonal interaction; this is corroborated via entries and one superlative "Best Friends Forever!"  in the school's 2000-edition yearbook.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8331](SCP-8331) | SCP-8332 | [SCP-8333](SCP-8333) >>

]
