#header::before {

    filter: invert(1);

}

#page-content .fancy .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link:not(.licensebox a.collapsible-block-link, .info-container a.collapsible-block-link, .default-col a.collapsible-block-link) {

  animation: aether alternate infinite 3s ease-in-out;

font-size: 24px;

}

#page-content .fancy a.collapsible-block-link:not(.licensebox a.collapsible-block-link, .info-container a.collapsible-block-link, .default-col a.collapsible-block-link) {

  border: none!important;

  background: none!important;

}

#page-content .fancy a.collapsible-block-link:not(.licensebox a.collapsible-block-link, .info-container a.collapsible-block-link, .default-col a.collapsible-block-link):hover {

  box-shadow: none!important;

}

@keyframes aether {

  0%{ text-shadow: 2px 4px 5px currentcolor, -2px -4px 5px currentcolor; filter: blur(1px); }

  45%{ text-shadow: 0 0 0 currentcolor, 0 0 0 currentcolor; filter: blur(0px); }

  55%{ text-shadow: 0 0 0 currentcolor, 0 0 0 currentcolor; filter: blur(0px); }

  100%{ text-shadow: 2px -4px 5px currentcolor, -2px 4px 5px currentcolor; filter: blur(1px); }

}

@media (prefers-reduced-motion) {

  #page-content .fancy .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link:not(.licensebox a.collapsible-block-link, .info-container a.collapsible-block-link, .default-col a.collapsible-block-link) {

    animation: none;

    text-shadow: 2px 4px 3px currentcolor, -2px -4px 3px currentcolor;

  }

}

:is(

  .desktop-aim,

  .mobile-aim

) hr::before {

  display: none;

}

:is(

  .desktop-aim,

  .mobile-aim

) hr::after {

  display: none;

}

:is(

  .desktop-aim,

  .mobile-aim

) hr{

  height: 1px;

}

:root {

~~sp_header-logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-8348/stag_final_transparent.png);

--header-title: "SCP Foundation";

--header-subtitle: "Sidereal. Cosmic. Planetary.";

}

**Author:** 

[Astral's Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/astralnav)

**Author:** 

<details>
<summary>Toggle stars off</summary>

</details>

---

### Special Containment Procedures

Andrew and Hollis Durant are permitted to continue their daily lives as normal, so long as they remain compliant. The Foundation is to intervene in the event SCP-8348 is witnessed by the public, employing Class C amnestics if necessary. 

Site Director Nathan Reed has approved research into neutralization of the SCP-8348 effect in order to restore the Durants to existence within a single universe. A team from the Site-08 Department of Applied Thaumatology led by Dr. Bruce Caldwell will perform field research in order to accomplish this goal.

### Description

SCP-8348 is a reoccurring phenomenon that solely affects Andrew and Hollis Durant, causing them to exist in separate universes, Near-identical except for the absence of their respective partner and cross from one to the other each sunrise. Determined to be the exact time of sunrise at Durant Books and Curios in Salt Lake City, Utah.

The Foundation has adopted the designations used by the Durants for the separate universes. The universe the Foundation occupies is designated Universe A, and the other is designated Universe B. When Andrew and Hollis exchange universes, they transport with the clothing they are wearing and anything they can carry.

SCP-8348 was initiated by SCP-8348-1, a ritual candle.An anomalous item capable of storing and then discharging thaumatological effects SCP-8348-1 came with a set of instructions for a trigger ritual performed between two people, with the stated purpose of allowing "Love to Be Proven". This candle has been dated back to 1910, and research into the estate from which Andrew Durant purchased this item and others indicates the involvement of an occult group known as the "Order of the Sidereal Stag." Pending GoI classification

---

### Addendum 01

The Durants had developed a system of leaving each other letters on their bedside tables in order to communicate prior to contact with the Foundation. Attached are transcriptions of these letters, recovered by Foundation surveillance. They begin with the period immediately following the initial activation of the SCP-8348 effect.  

@@ @@

@@ @@

January 6th, 2000

Dear Hollis,

This might be the strangest letter I’ve ever written. Maybe the heartbreak has made me delusional and I’m clinging to the sliver of hope that you haven’t left me, but even though you’ve been gone for days, I keep seeing things like your clothes on the bathroom floor and your favorite mug in the sink. I guess it should unnerve me but it brings me comfort, like you’re nearby somehow. 

I pulled a tarot spread for clarity, hoping somehow you'd speak to me through the cards. I felt like I didn't learn anything from it and left it out in frustration. It disappeared the next day, but the day after it's back with the 'King of Pentacles' sitting in the center of the spread, the card I've chosen as your significator! Somehow I know you sent that card to me. Somehow you're around even now. I have to hope this letter somehow reaches you.

I know things have been hard lately, but I refuse to believe you’d walk away from everything like this. It’s just not like you. I hope I’m not crazy, and that you’re here somehow. Maybe you’ll even get to enjoy the chocolate chip muffins I made tonight. The smell of them baking made me think of you, and I could picture you grinning as you crowded me by the oven, snatching them right off the cooling rack while they were still hot. 

I couldn’t bring myself to eat them. It’s been a struggle to eat anything at all.

I’m rambling though, aren’t I? I guess I’m trying not to think about that ritual with the candle, the one you did with me just to put an end to my incessant nagging. The ritual, that candle, they must have something to do with this, right? God, please know that I’m sorry. Clearly I’ve involved us in something far too powerful, playing with forces beyond my understanding. 

I miss you so much it hurts, darling. If you’re here, please say something. Anything. All I can do is hope that you’re alright, and that I’ll see you again.

Love,

Andy

@@ @@

January 7th, 2000

Andy,

Shit. Can't believe you responded. That tarot spread appeared out of nowhere the other day and I just knew it was you. I remember you saying the 'King of Pentacles' was me or something, so I found that card and dropped it on top of the spread. God, I’m so glad I did. It’s a major relief to hear you’re ok, but I’m still so worried about you. You said you haven’t eaten, so I put together some dinners and stuck them in the fridge. Lasagna, your mom’s recipe. You need to eat.

I’ve got no clue what the fuck is going on, but my money’s on a freak coincidence. Could be some weird... quantum thing, but I don't think it’s your fault. You know I’d never hold your spiritual stuff against you. You just wanted to welcome the New Year in your way. I thought it was cute.

I’ve been spending a lot of time at the bookstore to keep things running smoothly. I can tell customers miss you when I'm the only one there. I’m not the people person you are, but I’m managing. Running two of these is going to be a lot of work, especially without you there in person. I hope I can trust you to help me with the added workload.

I wish I could hold you right now, but at least we can still write letters. Like Jesse says: “Communication is key!” Guess I should call the office and cancel counseling for the foreseeable future.

Take care of yourself. Eat.

Your husband, 

Hollis

P.S. Thanks for the muffins! Can't believe my muffin man's still baking for me from... wherever you are.

@@ @@

January 8th, 2000

Dear Hollis,

Oh, sweetheart, I knew you were still here! I’m not entirely sure where *here* is, but I’m relieved nonetheless! This has definitely got something to do with that ritual, so I went into the shop yesterday to look through all the occult inventory we bought in San Francisco. Couldn’t really find any clues as to what went wrong, or how to fix it. The only thing I've got to go on is the group mentioned in the grimoire that came with the collection, the "Order of the Sidereal Stag". I’ll go to the library tomorrow to do some more research.

Speaking of which, I just took inventory of the occult corner and it’s doing better than you’d think! Patricia bought that lovely amulet with the large ruby in the center, and a new customer bought that obsidian knife with the strange sigil on the handle. It’s already starting to pay for itself!

Also, I decided to go ahead and start up that occult book club everyone keeps asking for. Our first meeting is next Thursday, though I guess I might not exactly be there for one of them. Perhaps tomorrow when I’m on your side I’ll schedule it for Friday. This is going be pretty difficult to keep track of, haha. I didn't realize how much in a day you did for the shop, it's a lot of work on my own!

As happy as I am to have received this letter (and lasagna!), it makes me miss waking up beside you in the mornings even more. It's far too cold at night without my stud muffin to keep me warm.

Love, 

Andy

@@ @@

January 9th, 2000

Andy,

I know you’re convinced that all this has got to do with the ritual, but I’m gonna keep looking for other reasons. I’ve been browsing some forums online where they talk about weird things happening to them. Never thought I’d be using the internet connection you had me install, or taking any of this weird shit seriously, but I guess the world’s a little more “X-Files” than I thought. Here’s hoping it pays off.

I’m not gonna tell you to stop researching the occult collection; it might give us some more idea of what all the items are so we can market them better and get them sold faster, but it’s good to hear the San Francisco purchase is paying off. Hauling everything here with that rental trailer wasn’t cheap, but I’ve said my piece on that already.

A book club’s not the worst way to get people into the shop, but I’m not sure an *occult* book club will bring in the numbers we need. You'll need to keep the costs down. A write‑off isn’t the same as free, so skip the catering. Also, I didn’t realize you hadn’t run that inventory report yet, but at least it’s done now. We’ve got to run this business in two worlds now, which means twice the work. I need you fully on top of it.

Missing you, 

Hollis

P.S. You're right, keeping track of “here” is tricky. I painted an “A” over the bed on this side and I’ll paint a “B” over the bed on the other side tomorrow. That way we’ll know which side we’re on when we wake up, and it’ll be easier to track what’s happening where.

@@ @@

January 10th, 2000

Dear Hollis,

Didn’t I tell you that computer was going to be a good investment? I sure hope something helpful comes up, ‘cause I’m afraid I haven’t had much luck at the library. Nothing on this “Sidereal Stag” group or their rituals anywhere. This must’ve been a really obscure occult order; I usually have much better luck with these sorts of things. But I’m glad you won’t “stop me from doing my research,” because I won’t stop until we’re together again.

And don’t worry, I’ll make sure the book club is a success. In fact, I even went down to Madam Christina over in Sugar House, gave her a whole bunch of flyers inviting people to book club with 20% off coupons! I think I’ll even make some baked goods to sell at the book club meetings. 

Love,

 Andy

P.S. Labeling the universes by writing on the wall is a brilliant idea! It’ll really help me get my bearings in the morning. You’ve always been the smart one; I have no idea what I’d do without you.

P.P.S. Can you leave out the instructions on changing the cash register coupon settings? I fought with it all day and had to give up. There's a reason I always let you handle that devil machine!

@@ @@

January 19th, 2000

Andy,

You're not gonna believe this. Remember those forums I told you about for people dealing with strange situations like ours? I met someone from there today who says he’s with an organization called the “SCP Foundation.” They protect people from anomalous stuff, and it seems like they monitor that forum to find the weird stuff that's actually real. He says they’ll help us try to fix what happened, as long as we agree to keep it quiet. I think he’s legit.

He wants to meet with you tomorrow, so you want to size him up yourself. Feels like the first real lead we’ve had. I’m hoping they can actually fix this.

Hollis

P.S. You didn’t finish the expense report for the occult corner in Universe B. We’ve got to do those twice now, don't forget. Also, how many coupons did you print? If everyone comes in with discounts again, we’re in trouble. Don’t make this another Ogden incident.

P.P.S. The agent asked for what’s left of the ritual candle, so looks like you were right and it’s all connected. How crazy is that?

@@ @@

January 20th, 2000

I met with Dr. Caldwell and signed the paperwork. Not sure I had much of a choice, though. I really doubt he’ll give us the candle back if I don’t want to play along.

The coupons are only for the book club books, and since the occult corner is so niche and unpopular I assumed you wouldn’t mind. But I apologize for handing out those coupons without consulting you first. It was inconsiderate of me to make a unilateral decision that could affect both of us. 

The expense report will be on your desk when you wake up tomorrow.

Andy

@@ @@

January 21st, 2000

It’s really not that big a deal, Drew. We’ve still got a candle over in B, though if it did this, then the farther away it is from us, the better. I want this done and I’m going to do *whatever* it takes to fix it.

When this is all over, I want us to pick up where we left off, without a bookshop that’s circling the drain. Also, I can’t keep covering for you. I know things are crazy right now, but running a business isn’t something you can just put on pause. I really, *really* need you to step up.

Anyways, I fixed the broken shelves today and put up a roof over the deliveries door so the mailman stops leaving packages in the rain. Drain in the master bath should be good now, too. I’ll take care of the same fixes in B tomorrow. Dinners for next week are in the fridge.

Hollis

@@ @@

January 22nd, 2000

Thanks.

Andy

@@ @@

---

### Addendum 02:

@@ @@

On 01/27/2000 the Department of Applied Thaumatology team assigned to SCP-8348 made their first attempt at neutralizing the SCP-8348 effect. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Experiment Lead:** Dr. Bruce Caldwell

**Subject:** Attempted cancellation of thaumatologically-induced universe bifurcation

**Summary:** The remains of the ritual candle that initially triggered the thaumatological effect were placed between two silver mirrors at the center of a Type-8 backlash compensation circle drawn on the living room floor of the domicile of the Durants. An Everhart Resonator was provided to generate sufficient EVE levels for the attempted working. Andrew and Hollis were instructed to stand at opposite ends of the room in their respective universes. To take advantage of the ongoing universal transfer effect, the working was timed to complete at the exact moment of sunrise when an exchange event would take place. 

**Results:** The experiment did not achieve its intended outcome; the SCP-8348 effect remains active.  

**Notes:** During the working, Hollis In Universe B at the start of the working. manifested before Andrew left Universe A. The exchange event completed and Andrew transferred to Universe B. Team members noted high levels of emotional distress expressed by Hollis. 

---

### Addendum 03:

@@ @@

Foundation surveillance recovered further letters following the failed neutralization attempt.

@@ @@

January 28th, 2000

Andy, I'm so incredibly sorry that didn't work. I haven't been able to stop crying, we were so CLOSE! I could SEE you! I promise I'll make this up to you, love. I will do whatever it takes to be back together. I refuse to stop until I have done everything I possibly can to fix this.

@@ @@

January 29th, 2000

Hollis,

Oh, it’s alright. This was their first attempt to undo the curse. I’m sure they’ll figure it out!

*Anyway,* book club is going super well! All the baked goods sold out, and I even sold a couple more items from the San Francisco haul! Quite a few people used those coupons, but I know it’ll even out in the end.

Also, I finally found a local vendor to buy ethically sourced Palo Santo! I got a few more items from them, just some incense and other trinkets to fill out that endcap. Shipment should be coming tomorrow in Universe A, so please keep an eye out for it!

Love, 

Andy

@@ @@

January 30th, 2000

Andy,

So I got your shipment today. I’m not sure why you thought we needed $1000 worth of incense, but that is everything left from the shop’s budget for the month, gone in one shot. Now I’ve gotta figure out where we’re getting the money to restock the romance shelves. If I can't pull that cash from somewhere and replace those books this month, we lose customers. That’s a predictable problem, and I really hoped that you'd know better than to keep creating it.

The occult corner has never been a reliable money maker, no matter how much you want it to be, and throwing money at it again and again won’t change the numbers. I thought you understood this, but clearly I was wrong.  

If you keep this up, we’re gonna to have to talk consequences.

Hollis

@@ @@

January 31st, 2000

Look, the book club members wanted more low-budget, consumable items like incense and I guess I got a bit carried away, but you never told me we were so close to going over budget.

Also, consequences? Are you serious? Perhaps if you discussed things with me like a partner instead of dictating them to me like an employer I might end up sticking to the budget you created. 

Andy

@@ @@

February 1st, 2000

I *have* talked about these things with you as a partner. It never works. Over and over you've proven that you do not listen and can’t be trusted with our finances. I can't keep letting you do this. 

The company credit card has been cancelled, and I've changed the information on the business accounts as well. Your profit share is still going to be deposited into the personal account like always. And I'm doing the same in universe B.

I'm disappointed. 

Hollis

@@ @@

February 2nd, 2000

Please tell me this is your idea of a shitty joke, because if you’re serious, then I’m not even sure where to fucking begin with you.  

You’ve never once spoken to me like my opinion matters. You never listen, or compromise. It’s like my voice is a fucking inconvenience to you. If you ever “let me have my way,” I never hear the fucking end of it. Any time we have a serious conversation, I can never trust that you’ll actually listen to me, so what’s the point of even trying? You’ll just do what you think was best, and if I ever disagree, you just steamroll me into doing what you wanted. 

Like the bookstore. All this was your dream, Hollis. Not mine. So thank you for graciously allowing me my measly corner, sorry for taking up more space than you think I deserve. You’re disappointed? Imagine how I feel, thinking I found myself a husband and ending up with a condescending, controlling prick.

Go fuck yourself.

Andy

@@ @@

February 3rd, 2000

So now the bookstore is just "my" dream? All those chats we had driving late at night and dreaming, were those just pretty fucking words to you? Because they weren't to me. I've worked myself to the bone for what I thought was *our* dream. I would tear my very heart out of my chest for you, but it looks like you'd turn around and pawn it off for sticks and overpriced rocks. 

Or a fucking candle that ruins our lives. Thanks for that.

Hollis

@@ @@

**NOTE:** Andrew ceased responding to Hollis's letters. The following five letters are all from Hollis. 

@@ @@

February 5th, 2000

Oh, you are not doing this me now, Drew. You're gonna put me through the silent treatment from a whole other universe? Is this really how you want to do this? 

@@ @@

February 7th, 2000

Alright, I see you're committed to this. I guess we're going to have to settle into living like this. I can still see your effects on it day-to-day. I see you in your laundry left forgotten in the dryer, the un-rinsed mixing bowl in the sink, and the stationary you steal from my desk and never put back. Things you've always done to get on my nerves. 

I'm still cleaning up your messes. 

@@ @@

February 9th, 2000

Hey. Thanks for cleaning up. It's funny; you'd think I'd be happy that all your stuff's been put away, but it feels like there's less of you here now. Didn't realize how much those little signs of you kept us connected. I miss them. I feel so lost now.

Look, I left all the financial info in the office for you. You can have full access to everything again. You want me to expand the Occult section? Say the word. Just… please, talk to me again?

@@ @@

February 11th, 2000

Andy, please. Don't do this to me.

@@ @@

February 13th, 2000

Andy, I'm really sorry. 

I've been a real asshole. We're worlds apart and I was bitching about the bookstore? What was I thinking?! I've spent so long trying to think of every way to solve this crisis and keep our lives running that I completely failed to be there for you in the way that you needed me. 

I've always been scared that you didn't care about this bookstore and our lives together as much as I did, and when you confirmed it by saying it was my dream and not yours, I let my fear win. And that ugly fear inside me came out breathing fire and I fucking blamed you for all this. I wish I could take it all back. I wish I hadn't said those awful things or shut you out all those times. I'm just so fucking sorry, Andy. I screwed up bad.

I want to be with you; I want to fix my mistakes, but I shouldn't have let things get this far or this bad. I completely understand that you've had enough of me not hearing you and shutting you out. I've always thought you're amazing, Andrew. You're a wonderful man, with such passion. You make me believe anything is possible. And you deserve an apology for the terrible way I've been treating you.

I wish I'd listened to you when I still had the chance. 

All my love and sorrow, 

Hollis

@@ @@

February 14th, 2000

Hollis,

Of course I care about the bookshop, but sometimes I feel as though you care more about the bookshop than you do about me. I’m ashamed to admit that I was simply lashing out when I told you it wasn’t my dream, and I’m so sorry I said something so cruel and untrue. I know I’m forgetful, but I swear it’s not because I don’t care! The stress just overwhelms me and I end up doing things that take my mind off how terrible everything is, even if it’s only for a moment.

If I’m truly honest with myself, I think I’ve gotten used to you taking care of me. Of everything. I feel comfortable being a bit careless and letting go because you’ve always been there to catch me. I’ve taken you for granted, and that’s unfair of me. So I contacted that distributor I found, returned most of the merchandise I purchased, used some of the money to restock the romance shelves, and returned the rest to our business account. 

I'm sorry I stopped writing back. I never meant to make you feel abandoned or unloved; I just get so overwhelmed and I don't know how to respond, so I don't. But I'm working on it, because I never want you to feel like I've given up ever again. 

There’s no universe where I wouldn’t forgive you, darling. This… thing, whatever it is we’re trapped in, has been the most difficult test we’ve ever been through, but I haven’t had enough of you yet, and I never will. Even if we never figure this out, if we’re stuck like this forever, I am committed to you. To us.

With all my love and devotion,  

Your Muffin Man

P.S.: There are lemon poppyseed muffins waiting for you in the kitchen.

P.P.S.: I just know Jesse would be so proud of us.

@@ @@

---

### Addendum 04

On 02/15/2000, Foundation monitoring registered a brief EVE intensity reading of 10.5 kilocaspers, much higher than the usual 5.3 kC spike recorded during an exchange event. Monitoring confirmed that Andrew and Hollis were both present in Universe A. 

Dr. Caldwell's team performed investigations to determine the status of SCP-8348. Thaumaturgic analysis confirmed the effect's complete neutralization. It is hypothesized that the Durants met some condition of the original ritual that brought the effect to an end. 

Per Dr. Caldwell's recommendation, Site Director Nathan Reed has approved for SCP-8348 to receive the "Neutralized" classification. Andrew and Hollis have signed memetically enforced non-disclosure agreements to protect Foundation secrecy. 

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>The Sidereal Stag offers you a vision...</summary>

@@ @@

None were awake as the early morning sunlight slipped through the curtains of the Durant household, where it was greeted by a brilliant blue and white flash. Lingering points of radiance sparkled like stars in the dim bedroom where Andrew and Hollis lay, drawn together from worlds apart, their trial duly complete. Andrew drew the bed sheets close around him, an unconscious effort to stave off the February chill lingering that Tuesday morning, and, with that simple gesture, stirred Hollis from his slumber. 

His bleary eyes barely made out the head of dusty blonde hair beside him as he drifted between unconsciousness and reality, but he shook the fog of sleep from his mind and his heart leaped, jolting him upright.

"Andy? Holy shit, Andy!" Gripping him by the shoulder, Hollis flipped Andrew onto his back and leaned over him, gaping in disbelief.

With a groan, Andrew winced as he rubbed a hand over his eyes. "Eugh. What?" 

Hollis snatched his wrist, pulling it away from his face, and Andrew blinked himself awake.

"H-Hollis? Oh, my God! I--"

The words were smothered as Hollis dove forward, crushing their lips together in a warm, eager kiss. Tears flowed as Andrew flung his arms around Hollis, fingers running up the nape of his neck and through his auburn hair, as if frantic for proof that this was more than a figment of his desperate imagination.

They pulled apart, eyes locking as they gasped for air. Hollis let out a breathy chuckle and leaned in again, showering Andrew in little kisses. 

"Oh, darling, how I've missed you!" Andrew giggled as Hollis's beard tickled his face.  

"I'm never letting go of you again," Hollis murmured reverently, his lips lingering just above Andrew's cheek. 

Andrew wrapped his legs around Hollis and heaved him over, pinning him onto his back with a smirk. Hollis gazed up in awe at the face of his husband. "God, you're beautiful." 

"And you're amazing," Andy purred, leaning in for a peck on the lips.

Reaching up, Hollis caressed Andy's cheek. "How about some breakfast?"

Andrew beamed. "I made lemon poppyseed muffins."

Sitting up with a gasp, Hollis grinned. "Aww! Of course my muffin man made muffins." He buried his face in Andrew's neck.

The tickle of Hollis's beard made Andrew giggle once more. "I had to make muffins for my stud muffin!"

Arms still wrapped around Andrew, Hollis swung his legs to the side of the bed and stood, lifting Andrew in the air as he yelped, scrambling to lock his legs around him.

"I said I was gonna hold you tight and never let you go once we were together again," Hollis declared, carrying him out of the bedroom to the kitchen. 

"I didn't expect that to be so literal!" Andrew squealed, then sighed, relaxing into Hollis's embrace. 

Hollis gently placed Andrew down on a bar stool at the kitchen counter. Resting his chin on his palm, Andrew drank in the sight of his husband making coffee, a task he'd watched him perform a million times before.

Hollis glanced back and Andrew met his gaze, giving a little wave with his fingers. 

"Still here," Andrew reassured him. "Always." 

</details>

---

<< [SCP-8347](SCP-8347) | SCP-8348 | [SCP-8349](SCP-8349) >>

, ,]]

=====

> **Filename:** Small Black Candle

> **Name:** Small Black Candle.JPG

> **Author:** Lisa Ann Yount

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/136594255@N06/24323920493/in/photostream/)

=====

=====

> **Filename:** stag_final.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-8348/stag_final_transparent.png)

=====
