=====

=====

.page-rate-widget-box {

    margin-right: 0px;

}

**%%title%% -- %%content{4}%%**

**[Calibold's Wonderful Author Page](Calibri Bold's Mega Cool Author Page)**

**Item #:** SCP-8494

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Personnel are to ignore any calls inviting them to SCP-8494. The property around SCP-8494 has been purchased by the SCP Foundation and a perimeter has been established around it under the cover story of being a wildlife research outpost. Previously scheduled Site development ~~will continue upon review and approval~~ has been postponed indefinitely.

**Description:** SCP-8494 is a 3-story house in Arizona, approximately 16 miles west of Sedona. The object itself was discovered after the Foundation purchased the property and the surrounding area for a new Site. A mailbox stands in front of the house; while there had apparently been words painted on it, they have long since faded and chipped away. Occasionally, members of the SCP Foundation will receive calls inviting them to visit the house.

The interior of SCP-8494 is completely dark; visual light is incapable of traveling within the house. Furthermore, any attempt at mapping the interior through radar, acoustic imaging, infrared, or other non-visual means has proven unsuccessful, and radio or cellular contact is impossible, rendering drones inoperable. Light will appear to completely stop at openings to the house, such as the front doorway or the windows, leaving the interior completely shaded even when light is directly shined upon it.

The entire house is cluttered with furniture, objects, and debris, many of which are sharp, hard, or otherwise hazardous. Individuals who enter SCP-8494 are unable to find their way out, and invariably suffer from some accident involving the contents of the house, one which is either fatal or debilitating, suggesting some sort of probabilistic anomaly affecting the area.

SCP-8494's primary anomaly will cease briefly right before occupants of the house suffer some kind of grave injury, giving them a clear view of their demise, and allowing a brief communication signal window from the interior.

**Exploration Report:** Upon containment of the anomaly, six members of Unit 3 of MTF Epsilon-6 ("Village Idiots") were deployed into SCP-8494. All members were equipped with standard gear, including contact lens cameras. Despite contact being lost immediately upon entering the house, each member of the exploration team was able to relay a brief feed before their deaths. The following are the final reports from each member of the unit.

**Name:** Agent Hayes

**Feed Report:** Located in first floor bathroom. Mold is growing in large patches on the walls. A calendar is posted to the wall, but the spaces are only marked with round stickers in different colors. Hayes slips and falls backwards into the bathtub, hitting the back of his head on the faucet. The tub is full, and Hayes is left either unconscious or paralyzed in the water.

**Name:** Agent Ellis

**Feed Report:** Located in kitchen. A corpse is seen lying on the dining room table; its chest has been cut open, a tag is hanging from its foot, and what appears to be a scalpel is lying beside it. Glassware is strewn all over the floor. Ellis trips and falls into a glass door cabinet holding a collection of porcelain dishes. The cabinet pitches forward and falls onto her, leaving her pinned, heavily lacerated, and bruised.

**Name:** Agent Lang

**Feed Report:** Located in second-floor hallway, at the top of the stairs. Multiple doors line the walls, each one bearing a blank placard. At the end of the hall is a single end table with a camera sitting on it. The sound of something breaking emanates from behind her; when she turns, she missteps onto the stairs, falling down them face-first. When she hits the bottom, a loud snap noise occurs and Lang lies still, having apparently broken her neck.

**Name:** Agent Porter

**Feed Report:** Located in living room. Several broken computers and other electronic devices litter the floor, many of which appear to be displaying footage of other areas of the house, and a few display footage from cameras attached to the computers themselves. A binder is sitting on a coffee table, and several papers with typed notes are lying near it. Porter notices these but stumbles over an object and falls face-first into the coffee table. His eye directly hits the corner of the table, which pierces his eyeball and gouges his eye socket.

**Name:** Agent Melvin

**Feed Report:** Located in basement. An old washing machine and clothes dryer are on one side of the wall, and an open furnace on the other; the remaining space on the walls is taken up by filing cabinets standing on the floor. Cameras are bolted into the ceiling corners, along with a few on the cabinets themselves. At the edge of Melvin's vision is a standing figure or object behind a curtain. Melvin looks up to see hundreds of spiders on the ceiling. He is startled and jumps back, spraining his ankle; he stumbles slightly, then falls into the furnace, his open mouth landing on the metal lip of the opening and shattering most of his exposed teeth.

**Name:** Agent Ennis

**Feed Report:** Located in bedroom. A bed, dresser, bookcase, desk, and chair occupy the room; every surface is littered with cameras pointing towards the door. Multiple bulletin boards hang on the walls, with documents and notes pinned into them; the majority of these are difficult to read due to image quality, but photos of the house's interior accompany many of them. Ennis steps on something and looks down to see multiple wooden boards on the floor with several long nails protruding from them, one of which has pierced his foot. He pitches forward and falls onto the nailed boards; he attempts to use his hands to break his fall, but they are likewise pierced by the nails. Before the feed cuts out, the camera is briefly lifted into the air.

=====

The House That We Built

=====

<< [SCP-8493](SCP-8493) | SCP-8494 | [SCP-8495](SCP-8495) >>

> **Filename:** SCP-8494.jpg

> **Name:** 78 Millbrook Road - A house in the middle of a grassy field

> **Author:** Nantucket Historical Association Research Library

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://picryl.com/media/78-millbrook-road-cb39f4
