:root {

  --accentColor: #cc6600;

}

=====

=====

 "It's no use going back to yesterday, because I was a different person then." 

# ##FFFFFF|SCP-8722##

**Containment Procedures:** 

The surrounding area near SCP-8722 Also known as Outpost-7AT0 is to be blocked off with a 10-foot tall chain-link fence. The fence must be inspected every 8 hours for any sign of damage by someone Level-2 or higher. Anyone found inside who is not level-2 or higher is to be administered Class-A amnestics. At least 5 Omega-78's 'Dimension Hoppers' are on standby in case the anomalous entities try escaping the fence. Foundation Personnel must contact Site-390 and follow Protocol Capsaicin if there is an anomalous event.

**Protocol Capsaicin:** 

Protocol Capsaicin should only be utilized when an anomalous event occurs, such as an entity appearing, unintelligible whispers, or sudden hallucinations.

Personnel should immediately contact Site-390 and request at least 5 Class-D's to be sent over to protect Foundation Personnel from being killed by the entities. See Addendum 1.1

Any Foundation Personnel inside the dimension must be quickly evacuated until all anomalous events cease.

Afterward, personnel must use foundation-approved noise-canceling headphones and may only take them off until the anomalous event(s) stop. 

**Following Incident 'Hopscotch' Foundation Personnel are barred from entering. Personnel Level-2 or higher are to check the cameras thrice daily for potential damages -Dr. Collins.**

**Descriptions:** 

SCP-8722-1 is a portal that leads to a dimension that contains two anomalous entities. The portal is 3 feet in length and 5 feet in height. The center of the portal displays what the dimension looks like. In the distance, there is a large tree that serves as a hub for the anomalous entities, and to the left is a dense forest with a thick fog covering the ground. 

SCP-8722-2 are large tree-like creatures that take the form of a Quaking Aspen in our dimension. SCP-8722-2 instances are approximately 40  to 50 feet tall, with the majority being around 45 feet. SCP-8722-2 has eyes across its body, with each eye varying in size. These eyes, when visible, will watch the nearest person until they leave. SCP-8722-2 is neutral and won't attack unless something attacks it first. SCP-8722-2 is only docile towards SCP-8722-3 and serves as a protector. When it attempts to attack someone, it will wait for the person to have their back turned. SCP-8722-2 cannot be recorded or photographed, with any image or video becoming extremely distorted and blurred.  

SCP-8722-3 is a group of faeries that range from 1 foot tall to 3 feet at maximum. SCP-8722-3 instances possess anomalous abilities such as being able to heal others, memory projection, and hallucinations. SCP-8722-3 can also lure in humans with their whispers to make it easier to kill them. See Addendum 1.1 SCP-8722-3 has wings protruding from their upper and lower back. Each SCP-8722-3 instance has a different variation of its wings, while family units tend to have a few similarities. SCP-8722-3 instances value and treat their wings with great respect; when one instance dies, the family will carefully remove the wings and grind them down into a fine powder. After this, the powder goes into a small pouch and is put at the tree's base.

 

**Discovery:** SCP-8722 was found on 2020/12/15 near Mount Charleston, Nevada. Dr. Wellins was subconsciously drawn to the area near SCP-8722 around 13:25. Upon realizing they were off the trail, they heard whispering and saw the eyes staring at them. 

**Interview Log 1.1**

---

---

> 

> **Date:** 2020/12/19

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Jackson

> 

> **Interviewee:** Dr. Wellins

> 

>   **<BEGIN LOG>** 

> 

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "Good afternoon, Dr. Wellins. I assume I don't need to introduce myself, correct?"

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "Yeah, we can skip the greetings."

> 

> *Dr. Jackson nodded and looked down at her notes.*

>

> **Dr. Jackson:** "Alright then. Could you tell me more about your encounter?"

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "Yeah, okay, uhm... I was at Mount Charleston for a vacation, needed to get away from anomalies for a while."

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "I got up that morning around 9 AM, or was it 11... No, wait, it was around 1 PM, and I decided to go on this trail I found the other day.  I remember I wasn't even halfway through, and then I just was somewhere completely different. It's like when you black out after drinking." 

> 

> *Dr. Jackson wrote down what Dr. Wellins said and motioned with her hand for Wellins to continue.*

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "You know those gut feelings you get when something's wrong? I felt that throughout my body. There was whispering all around me like it was inside my head. At that point, I thought I was just stressed from work, but then I saw these eyes. I don't know, but it was like I was frozen in place." 

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "Do you think it was the anomaly causing you to feel frozen?"

> 

>  **Dr. Wellins:** "No... I think it was just fear and panic. A part of me thought I was about to die, honestly."

>

> **Dr. Jackson:** "Did these eyes do anything else?"

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "Well, the eyes were attached to a tree, then one blinked at me I swore I saw the entire tree move. After that I tried running back to the cabin. Cowardly, I know... but if I hadn't, I wouldn't have found the portal. I didn't go in, of course. That's why we have MTF; they can do the horrifying part. I'd rather sit in the lab." 

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "I don't think anyone would have expected you to go in, Dr. Wellins." 

> 

>  **Dr. Wellins:** "Thanks. I just uh, felt like a coward after I got out of there; I'm supposed to be a foundation researcher, y'know."

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "I can see why you think that, but as you said yourself, you are a researcher. It's good that you got away and contacted the Foundation." 

> 

> *Dr. Wellins nodded but remained silent. Dr. Jackson stepped out of her seat, and Dr. Wellins did as well. The two doctors shook hands, and Dr. Jackson left soon after.*

> 

>  **<END LOG>** 

> 

---

---

**Summary of Exploration Log 1.A**

**Date:** 2020/12/21

Omega-78 entered the portal around 01:00. Inside; the dimension was daylight compared to ours being night. The area closest to the portal was empty. SCP-8722-2 and SCP-8722-3 instances were near the tree and hadn't noticed the team. As the team moved farther away from the portal, the body cameras and the microphones started to glitch and distort and only returned to normal once they returned to our dimension. 

---

# ##FFFFFF| Excerpt of Orias' Personal Journal##

**Date:** 2021/01/03

It's the third of January, and I've been notified that I will enter the dimension on directors' orders. He says I have to go there for a few months and stay at an Outpost. I haven't been able to catch a break in days. First, I found this place, then the interview, and now I'm going in. I've packed a small bag, knowing it's going to be dull in there.

---

**Date:** 2021/01/05

Tomorrow is the day a small research team, and I will enter. About an hour ago, I also discovered that I will be one of the leads on this Project. I don't know who the second lead is, but I pray they're relaxed. I want to avoid being stuck with someone who's a suck-up. 

---

**Date:** 2021/01/08 

The other lead is Warren. Warren Collins, people say hate is a strong word, but it's one of the few words that can describe how I feel about him. All he does is boss me around and taunt me. It takes all the strength within me not to snap at him and have to go back to anger management classes. I'm emailing our site director to get Warren booted out of the Project.

---

TO: richbichard@SCPi.Net 

FROM: oriawellins@SCPi.Net

SUBJECT: The 8722 Project

---

Hello, Dr. Bichard.

As you know, I am one of the leads on the 8722 project, the other lead being Warren Collins. If you have not been informed, Collins and I don't typically get along. It would be more beneficial for Warren to be removed as a lead to release any tension. 

- Dr. Orias Wellins

---

TO: oriawellins@SCPi.Net

FROM: richbichard@SCPi.Net

SUBJECT: RE: The 8722 Project

---

Hello Dr. Wellins,

I hear your concerns about working with Dr. Collins, but you both are members of the Foundation and thus have a responsibility to ensure. If there is a problem later on, then we can discuss it in the future.

- Dr. Richard Bichard

 Site director of Site-390

---

**Another Excerpt from Orias' Personal Journal.**

**Date:** 2021/01/17

Sorry I haven't written here in a few days. I've been busy organizing notes and preparing for an interview tomorrow with an instance of SCP-8722-3. They've been one of the few instances that have approached us; they seem docile enough that they haven't attacked us yet. I wanted to nickname the instance, though we could only agree on SCP-8722-3A. We've only been here for a bit, and I'm already tired of this sunny limbo; it's annoying. Everything here seems too chipper; aside from the creepy forest, it's like the place in your fairytale books where the evil witch lives. 

---

# ##FFFFFF| The Woods Whisper Names ##

Orias' cot was empty when Warren woke up the next day. When he looked at the small clock he had with him, the time read 7 AM. He asked the other researchers around him if any had seen Orias, and they all declined. Warrens initially thought Orias had finally had enough of him and returned to Site-390. He made a mental note to email the director after the interview to ask about Orias. Warrens's thoughts about Orias subsided, and he focused on preparing for the interview with SCP-8722-3A. While preparing for the interview, he kept looking back toward the journal left on Orias' cot. 

---

**Interview Log 1.2**

---

---

> **Date:** 2021/01/18

>  

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Collins

> 

> **Interviewee:** SCP-8722-3A

> 

>  **<BEGIN LOG>** 

> 

> *Warren crouched down in front of SCP-8722-3A. 8722-3A spoke in an unintelligible language.*

> 

> **Dr. Collins:** "Hello? My name is Warren. Warren Collins. What's yours?"

> 

> *8722-3A looked up toward Warren and still spoke in the same unintelligible language.*

> 

> **Dr. Collins:** "Not as difficult as I expected, but still.."

> 

> *Dr. Collins took a pen, grabbed one of the notes, and flipped the page over to the blank side. Warren drew a stick figure with his name above it.*

> 

> **Dr. Collins:** "I am Warren."

> 

> *8722-3A stood up, pointed to themselves, and continued speaking in an unintelligible language. 8722-3A took a step towards Warren and stared into his eyes.*

> 

> **Dr. Collins:** "What in the Sam Hill?"

> 

> *Dr. Collins quickly stood up and looked down towards 8722-3A.*

> 

> **Dr. Collins:** "Did you just show me your memories?" 

> 

> *8722-3 didn't respond and was stared up at Warren.*

> 

> *Dr. Collins yelled at another researcher in the background.*

> 

>  **<END LOG>** 

>

---

---

**Addendum 1.1: Abilities**

On 2021/01/18, Dr. Collins interviewed with an instance of SCP-8722-3. During this interview, he saw memories that SCP-8722-3A gave him; he believes that SCP-8722-3A did this as a form of communication.

The memories Dr. Collins saw were of an instance of SCP-8722-3 healing 8722-3A after getting hurt. Then, another played with SCP-8722-3A, healing another instance. 

The next memory Dr. Collins saw was a younger version of 8722-3A, which was causing another to have hallucinations and then laugh at the instance. After that was 8722-3A, and a different instance, the second one, caused Orias to see Warren, and 8722-3A spoke rapidly in an unintelligible language. Eventually, 8722-3A got the other to stop, but Orias was already deep in the forest. 

 The next few memories were 8722-3A, carefully removing wings off another instance. The instance looked old, and the other 8722-3s looked all upset. 8722-3A started to grind the wings into a fine powder and carefully poured it into a pouch; the group of SCP-8722s followed 8722-3A outside of the house and watched as 8722-3A placed the pouch on the ground. 

Dr. Collins saw SCP-8722-3 luring humans and killing them just to eat them later, like cows in a slaughterhouse. 8722-3A quickly showed him a memory of 8722-3A healing another instance again, and Dr. Collins believes it was an attempt to calm him down. 

---

TO: richbichard@SCPi.Net

FROM: warrcollins@SCPi.Net

SUBJECT: Orias Wellins

---

Hello Dr. Richard, 

I finished an interview with an instance of SCP-8722-3, and it was concerning. They can project their memories, and one of their memories was Orias being tricked into entering the forest. Could you send out a team or anyone to retrieve Orias? It would be appreciated since they're a lead on this Project. 

- Dr. Warren Collins.

---

TO: warrcollins@SCPi.Net

FROM: richbichard@SCPi.Net

SUBJECT: RE: Orias Wellins

---

Hello Dr. Collins, 

Thank you for letting me know about Orias being missing. I'll have a team sent out shortly to search for them. It isn't your fault that Orias is missing, but in the future, please have a better awareness of your colleagues to prevent a situation like this.

- Dr. Richard Bichard

Site director of Site-390

---

**A Brief Excerpt from Warrens's notes**

It's been hours since I emailed Richard about this, yet I'm replaying these memories. A huge part of me doubts that Orias went into the forest; no sane person would. They're a doctor, for fucks sake; no way they'd willingly walk into a forest by themselves in a strange dimension. Even though a member of the Foundation is missing, I still need to continue my work. The next thing I want to do is get those bags of powder I saw in the memories. If it's as important as 8722-3A made it seem, then it's worth testing. 

---

**The Test Logs**

**Date:** 2021/02/05

**Data:** D-6059 was instructed to ingest the powder with water.

**Results:** The subject claimed not to feel anything at first; approximately one hour later, the subject could accidentally project their memories. The effects lasted for around an hour before they subsided completely

**Date:** 2021/02/06

**Data:** A repeat of the first test with D-72948

**Results:** Almost instantly, the subject could create small balls of light that quickly dissipated; the subject could repeat this for 30 minutes until all anomalous effects ceased.

**Date:** 2021/02/07

**Data:** D-13784 was told to ingest the remaining powder with water.

**Results:** The subject immediately had adverse reactions and was sent into a catatonic state. D-13784 recovered 48 hours later. No anomalous effects were present in the 48 hours.

**Post Notes:** The tests were conducted at Site-390 with project lead, Dr. Collins. Dr. Collins requested approval to gather more of the powder, which was granted. Dr. Collins was returned to Outpost-7AT0 after the initial tests were concluded.

---

# ##FFFFFF|Ignorance##

Weeks passed, and numerous teams went near the forest to search for Orias, though they were limited to how far they could go. Warren was doubtful that Orias was even alive; there were no signs that Orias was near the forest other than the strange memory 8722-3A gave him. Warren had been conducting more tests using the powder; he knew that if Orias had been here, there would have been so many delays and setbacks; a part of him was enjoying Orias' absence in some twisted way.

When everyone got used to Orias being missing, Orias showed up. They were scared, and they looked severely beaten. Orias was taken into custody and was quarantined for 24 hours. After 24 hours, Orias was interviewed to determine if they could return to work.

**Interview Log 1.3**

---

---

> 

> **Date:** 2021/02/10

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Jackson

> 

> **Interviewee:** Dr. Wellins

> 

>   **<BEGIN LOG>** 

> 

> *Dr. Jackson walked into the room and sat down in front of Dr. Wellins*

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "Hello, Dr. Wellins, my name is Dr. Jackson, and I'll be interviewing you today."

> 

> *Dr. Wellins was silent but nodded slightly in response to Dr. Sopilia.*

> 

>  **Dr. Jackson:** "You haven't spoken much since being quarantined. How are you feeling?"

> 

>  **Dr. Wellins:** "I could be better, but hey at least I'm not dead!"

> 

> *Dr. Wellins smiled and let out a shaky laugh.*

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "Is it fine if I ask you a few questions, Dr. Wellins?" 

> 

>  *Dr. Wellins shrugged and leaned back in the chair.*

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "You're just going to ask no matter what I say, and it's not like I can say no when my job is on the line, right?" 

> 

>  **Dr. Jackson:** "Dr. Wellins, do you need to take a minute to collect yourself before we continue?" 

> 

>  *Dr. Wellins shook their head and rubbed their face.*

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "No, No, I'm ready. I'm ready."

> 

>  *Dr. Jackson nodded, looked down at her notes, and then back up toward Dr. Wellins.*

> 

>  **Dr. Jackson:** "So, what caused you to walk into the forest?"

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "Thought I saw Dr. Collins calling me over; I...I had no idea it was some trick from SCP-8722-3."

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "It's all right, Dr. Wellins. Warren is your colleague. Of course, you'd follow after him."

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "What happened after you realised it was a trick?"

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "I tried backtracking but saw the eyes again. It still made me feel frozen like the first time. I tried backing away, but it chased after me and attacked me."

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "That must have been traumatic. How would you feel about returning to the dimension?"

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "I don't know...  One part of me wants to return because I have an obligation, and the other wants to stay here."

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "Both those feelings are valid, which are you leaning towards more?" 

> 

>  *Dr. Wellins shrugged and looked off to the side of the room.*

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "I'm supposed to be honest right?" 

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "Yes, this is supposed to measure if your able to return to work."

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "I want to return, I found the anomaly after all, and I want to understand why one healed me."

> 

> **Dr. Jackson:** "Healed you? Does this relate to what happened in the forest?"

> 

>  *Dr. Wellins' personality changed drastically; they seemed more upbeat, determined, and possibly manic.*

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "Oh shit, right. Yeah, it does relate to in there. I glossed over that. This happened a few minutes after I was attacked; I was running, trying to weave between trees, but when you have a wound in your stomach, I don't think running is any good." 

> 

> *Dr. Wellins laughed and grinned.*

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "So after bleeding out all over the ground, SCP-8722-3A, one of the few anomalies that are brave, or even curious enough that was approaching days prior, somehow found me, probably the blood trail."

> 

> *Dr. Wellins took a deep breath and leaned back in the chair.*

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "It showed me some memories of them being healed, and them healing others. It was telling me it wanted to help me, or that's how I interpreted it, but I don't think it understood humans much because what they did kinda fucked me up in more ways than one." 

> 

>  **Dr. Jackson:** "As it was healing you, it changed you?"

> 

>  *Dr. Wellins nodded, an enthusiastic grin on their face; they seemed more upbeat as time passed.*

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "I can't say precisely what changed about me, but I just feel different, in a good way."

> 

>  **Dr. Jackson:** "I'm glad you're feeling rather happy admist all of this."

> 

> **Dr. Wellins:** "Isn't it good to remain positive?"

> 

>  **Dr. Jackson:** "It's very much dependent on the siutation."

> 

>  **Dr. Wellins:** "Agree to dissagree, Jackson."

> 

> *Dr. Jackson looked down at their notes and then glanced up at Dr. Wellins. After a few minutes, they cleared their throat and spoke.*

> 

>  **Dr. Jackson:** "Well, good news, I think you're able to return to work; you seem much happier, which is a good sign. You might have to stay under quarantine for a couple more days, but ultimately you'll return to the Project."'

> 

>  **<END LOG>** 

> 

> **Post Interview Notes:** After the Interview was concluded, Dr. Wellins was sent back into quarantine for another 72 hours for further observation. During the 72 hours, the doctors noticed manic episodes and experienced frequent nightmares regarding 'the eyes.'

>

---

---

**Staff Incident Report**

**Date:** 2021/02/14

**Staff Involved:** Dr. Orias Wellins, Dr. Warren Collins 

**Summary of events:** Around 09:00, Dr. Wellins approached Dr. Collins regarding Project 8722. Dr. Collins tried brushing off Dr. Wellins, but Dr. Wellins continued to try to speak with Dr. Collins. Dr. Wellins brought up a concern regarding anomalies SCP-8722-2 and SCP-8722-3 and wanted to halt the retrieval of the powder pouches. Dr. Collins almost laughed in Dr. Wellin's face, and Dr. Wellins continued, bringing up data charts and observation notes from different researchers. Dr. Collins immediately told Dr. Wellins that nothing was happening and that Dr. Wellins was trying to hinder the Project. 

The conversation increased, with Dr. Wellins and Dr. Collins getting heated. Dr. Collins insulted Dr. Wellins, and then the argument spiraled into a psychical altercation that ended in Dr. Collins getting treatment for a broken nose. 

**Post Incident notes:** Dr. Wellins and Dr. Collins will attend anger management classes and therapy to identify the problems.

---

TO: oriawellins@SCPi.Net

FROM: richbichard@SCPi.Net

SUBJECT: Project 8722

---

Hello Dr. Wellins,

I received a Staff Incident report on my desk earlier this morning, and I'm afraid you will be removed as a lead regarding Project 8722 per the Staff Incident Report. Once the Project is finished, you will attend mandatory anger management classes and therapy.

- Dr. Richard Bichard

Site Director of Site-390

TO: richbichard@SCPi.Net

FROM: oriawellins@SCPi.Net

SUBJECT: RE: Project 8722

---

Richard.

I understand the decision to remove me as a lead. I apologize for my actions and possibly jeopardizing the Project.

- Dr. Orias Wellins

---

# ##FFFFFF|Decay##

**Summary of Exploration 1.B**

**2021/02/15**

Around 15:23, Warren sent a team towards the tree to retrieve more powder. As the team approached the area, they noted no presence of 8722-2 or 8722-3. The team managed to recover a few pouches, and as they were about to return, an instance of SCP-8722-2 attacked the team, killing three members before the team could kill the anomaly. The rest of the team managed to get back to the base with a handful of pouches.

More researchers expressed their worry about any future expeditions. Warren eased the concerns and expressed that more caution would be taken.

---

**A sticky note on top of a pile of notes.**

I told you we should have stopped. Look at the notes, Warren; I've been spending my time watching the patterns; taking the fucking powder is killing them. You need to stop, whatever bullshit tests you are doing aren't worth this. When the last dies, you'll be the only one around. The only comfort you will find is your guilt.

**Another note was found near Orias' journal written by Warren.**

Orias, I appreciate you taking the time to make these notes; however, after reviewing them, I found they are unreliable since there is no proof that they have been dying. I hope that you are not falsifying evidence to try and hinder the Project -Warren Collins.

---

# ##FFFFFF|Then, Death##

**Excerpt From Orias' Personal Journal detailing Incident Hopscotch**

**Date::** 2021/04/03

Weeks have passed since we've seen any sign from SCP-8722-2 and SCP-8722-3. Hell, I haven't seen 8722-3A in a while either. Something tells me that we aren't going to see them again. Warren forced the team to return to the tree almost every few days, and there was always nothing there. I think Warren is finally starting to realize how badly he fucked up; he keeps trying to bother me while I'm working on reports. 

---

**Date:** 2021/04/07

Still no sign of the anomalies. I would walk over there and see if 8722-3A is okay, but it's hard to move around since I'm still in pain. Warren finally managed to speak to me, he apologized, and I told him it was too late. I put in a request to be sent back to site-390. A putrid odor started to wash over the Outpost, and I could tell we all smelled it. 

---

**Date:** 2021/04/12

Communications were just cut, and the others are trying to restore the power. The endless sunny days have been replaced with a menacing fog and a black sky. This has to be Warren's fault for being greedy; that's the only explanation. I feel the eyes staring at me again, but with the low visibility, we need to reconsider staying.

---

**Date:** 2021/04/16

It was horrible. It was chaotic. That is why we haven't seen any instances of SCP-8722-2 or SCP-8722-3; most of them had died out, and that is what the putrid smell was, too. God. I let this happen; I should have punched Warren sooner or forced him out of the Project. 

A lot of innocent people died that day. I barely managed to get Warren out of there. He looked terrified. All I remember hearing from him was him praying to god to forgive him. An instance of SCP-8722-2 broke his leg, so I had to carry him out of the portal. Because of that, I got a cool few scars on my face and arms. 

The portals are gone now, too; I think SCP-8722-3 was keeping it open through some magic. They didn't deserve to have their home destroyed; they were kind, innocent creatures that were just living in a weird limbo-esque dimension., and then they died trying to defend their home. It's almost poetic. 

---

---

# ##FFFFFF|Ommetaphobia##

**Audio Log 35 2024/01/15**

>

>  **<BEGIN LOG>** 

>

> *There's muffled breathing and then a deep sigh.*

>

> **Dr. Wellins:** "Audio log 35. I had another nightmare. It's been a couple of months since I've had one.

> 

> *There was soft laughter, then another deep breath.*

>

> **Dr. Wellins:** "It's funny, I thought I wasn't having any more of those nightmares. The eyes are still watching me sometimes. Doctors say it's just paranoia and insomnia."

>

> *There was a brief pause.*

>

> "I wasn't supposed to be going to work today, but damn, I need something to distract myself, and it's better than alcohol."

>

> *Orias laughed again, which sounded more pained this time.*

>

> **Dr. Wellins:** "Okay, I'm going to go... if I don't go now then I'll be stuck in this room all day until Warren drags me out."

>

>  **<END LOG>** 

>

---

Orias stood up from their desk and closed their laptop. They looked towards their old journal, which was left collecting dust on their desk. They rubbed their eyes, trying to rub the sleep off. They threw on their lab coat and looked around for their glasses and keycard. They found both on a small tray near the door. They reached for the door handle when they heard a notification from their laptop. They sighed and shuffled back to their desk, muttering under their breath.

They opened their laptop and saw it was an email from Warren. They shook their head and clicked on the email.

TO: oriawellins@SCPi.Net

FROM: warrcollins@SCPi.Net

SUBJECT: I need your help

---

Orias, I'm heading to your room. It's some assistance with a report that you can surely handle. Please, for the love of god, don't instigate me today; this report needed to be done by this morning.

- Dr. Warren Collins

 Orias groaned as they closed their laptop again. They weren't upset; it was something to keep their mind busy, after all. Orias opened their door, looked down the hall, and saw Warren approaching rapidly. Orias chuckled, closed the door, and leaned against it.

"Doctor."

Warren stopped and nodded toward Orias. He looked exasperated. Orias walked over to Warren and took some of the papers he was holding with a grin on their face.

"This must have been difficult if you are asking me for help. I thought the great Doctor Warren doesn't need help?"

"I'll admit, there are some things that you know better than me. Not a lot but there are some."

The two began walking back towards Warrens's office, with one of the two making the occasional sarcastic remark about the other. This wasn't how either of them expected their day to go, but neither could entirely complain.

---

> This article contains a quote from book *Alice's Adventures In Wonderland* by Lewis Carroll *https:*www.goodreads.com/quotes/131294-it-s-no-use-going-back-to-yesterday-because-i-was//

> 

---

> **Filename:** lEpMoBG.png

> **Author:** Nostellae

> **License:** I release this image under CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://i.imgur.com/lEpMoBG.png

> 

<< [SCP-8721](SCP-8721) | SCP-8722 | [SCP-8723](SCP-8723) >>
