:root {

  ~~logo-image: url("https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local~~files/silverhub/site01");

:root {

  --header-title: "SITE-01";

  --header-subtitle: "Contain, Contain, Contain.";

=====

=====

]

]

@@@@

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** Following decommission, no further containment procedures for SCP-8269-D exist. O5-1 has been provided with a standard Foundation alarm clock.

**DESCRIPTION:** SCP-8269-D was a digital alarm clock purchased and utilized by O5-1. 

Following an examination of SCP-8269-D, the anomaly was confirmed to possess no distinguishable features from identical models. However, according to O5-1, SCP-8269-D's alarm always rang precisely one hour after the time at which it was set. O5-1 is known to have frequently arrived late to his standard work schedule because of SCP-8269-D's anomalous effects.

However, subsequent testing indicated that this phenomenon manifested exclusively to O5-1. He has expressed extreme frustration on this topic and has requested to hold further experiments on SCP-8269-D.

**ADDENDUM: EXPERIMENT LOGS**

The following are various logs of experiments held by O5-1 

**EXPERIMENT A**

**Subject(s):** O5-1

**Test:** Set SCP-8269 to ring at 10/16 6:30 A.M, the usual time O5-1 wakes up before commuting to Site-01. 

**Result:** SCP-8269 rang at 10/16 7:30 A.M, exactly one hour after the pre-determined time.

**Notes:** *Annoying, as usual. ~O5-1*

@@@@

**EXPERIMENT B**

**Subject(s):** D-14

**Test:** Set SCP-8269 to ring at 10/17 8:50 A.M, 10 minutes before scheduled testing hours.

**Result:** SCP-8269 successfully rang at the pre-determined time.

**Notes:** D-14 expressed having a "good night's sleep."

@@@@

**EXPERIMENT C**

**Subject(s):** O5-1, D-14

**Test:** Keep O5-1 and D-14 in the same space, and set SCP-8269 to ring at 10/18 7:00 A.M.

**Result:** SCP-8269 successfully rang at 10/18 7:00 A.M. However, only D-14 reported hearing it ringing. SCP-8269 subsequently rang again at 8:00 A.M, leading to O5-1 waking up.

**Notes:** *You've got to be fucking kidding me. ~O5-1*

@@@@

**EXPERIMENT D**

**Subject(s):** O5-1

**Test:** Set SCP-8269 to ring at 10/19 5:30 A.M, one hour before O5-1's usual wake up time.

**Result:** SCP-8269 rang at 10/20 5:30 A.M, 24 hours after the pre-determined time. This was the only logged instance where SCP-8269 did not follow its usual behavior. 

**Notes:** Following Experiment D, O5-1 stated that he had accidentally dropped SCP-8269 while preparing it for additional testing. Shortly thereafter, what appeared to be the remains of SCP-8269 were found burning behind Site-01. When questioned, O5-1 expressed uncertainty on the matter.

SCP-8269 has been re-classified to SCP-8269-D following this event.

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-8268](SCP-8268) | SCP-8269-D | [SCP-8270](SCP-8270) >>

> **Filename:** 1771948512880.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA-3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP-8269](SCP-8269)
