**⚠︎ File in rewrite ⚠︎**

The file you are currently looking at will be updated by the SCP-8861 research team soon following successful arrival on {{07/06/2026}} (see below).

Contact team support Darren Hooper for more info. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-8861

**Object Class:** [Cogito](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/series-0-glossary)

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8861 is partly contained through a procedure set out by the Special Collections Program in 2008. This procedure is facilitated with the use of a complex selection algorithm based on domestic and census data. As the procedure makes SCP-8861’s behaviour predictable, it has never been deviated from. Once the current procedure has ended, this file should be updated to reflect the next household. Despite numerous attempts, SCP-8861 remains speculative.

Refuse collection teams are on standby following SCP-8861’s arrival. Refuse cannot be observed directly and should be handled with full-body coverings for drainage into a sump at Site-19.

SCP-8861 research teams are currently preparing audio and video devices that can be covertly installed in homes without occupant notice. Customer representatives are scheduled to provide seminars to the team on how to pose as householder gas and electric maintenance workers in order to gain access to dwellings of interest.

**Description:** HOUSE-579 is one of fourteen-hundred households in the contiguous United States that are monitored by the Program as potential candidates for the next appearance of SCP-8861, a forthcoming and virulent paranormality.

SCP-8861 is a rapidly approaching intangible entity, concept, or phenomenon presumed to be awaiting its existence at H-579. In May 2026, the Somerfort household (H-579) was identified as the next location for SCP-8861; street-level and neighbouring householder surveillance systems have been seized of their control to monitor and observe. What day SCP-8861 may occur is unknown. Two research teams are in constant rotation to watch and record any special activities deemed relevant to SCP-8861. Gaining access to the following location (i.e. H-580), for placement of hidden cameras within is of high priority, allowing for better observational data of SCP-8861 when it arrives.

Below is a log of special activities captured from H-579 relevant to SCP-8861’s arrival. Despite discrepancy with the preceding information on SCP-8861, this log has been recorded by the researchers as it occurred in its entirety:

| H-579 Occupants (Somerfort household) |
| --- |
| Name | Age | Int. System Designation (avoid use) |
| Llewellyn S. | 46 | 8861-Patriarch |
| Annet S. | 41 | 8861-Matriarch |
| Matthew S. | 8 | 8861-Heir |
| Carrie S. | 14 | 8861-Heiress |
| Unnamed Feline | (?) | 8861-Companion |

## **Day Event Timeline**

### **07/06/2026**

@@ @@

@@ @@

{{...Accessing 7 of 7 External Cameras…}}

@@ @@

{{...Begin Special Activity Log…}}

@@ @@

{{10:00}}

Each camera is angled through a window of the house or focussed on the back garden. No audio available. SCP-8861 stands across the street.

Llewellyn wears boots in the garden. He tends to a vegetable patch. His boots and trousers are caked in mud.

Annet stands by the kitchen sink with gloves on. She peers out at the garden. Out on the tile patio are moths without wings. At least a dozen laying down. Some dead.

Matthew sits on the sofa as cartoons play on the TV. The noise is nearly at full volume. On the coffee table sits a toy telephone with a smiley face. He draws pictures of a window and of a person with only a torso, although this is difficult to make out.

Carrie sits in her bedroom reading a book that cannot be identified. She looks briefly up at a hamster cage on the desk. The cat wanders in and looks about. Carrie says something and pats the bed.

{{10:05}}

Llewellyn mumbles something to himself and wipes sweat from his face. He pulls a stem from the ground. Nothing is on the end but muddy roots. He throws it. Llewellyn glances at the camera. It is thought that his eyes were focusing on the glint in the lens.

Annet wanders by the sink and is startled as her elbow knocks a plate from the drying rack. Bits and pieces everywhere. She says something and hits the counter and the drying rack shifts.

Matthew gets up and wanders to the kitchen as Annet is on the floor picking up plate shards. She raises a hand, staring and talking to Matthew who is frozen in the doorway.

The cat jumps up onto Carrie’s bed. She strokes it and it goes to sit. She itches her arm.

Llewellyn kicks the dirt of the patch and soil and roots go flying across the grass. He stomps on a plant and it goes flat. He says something.

{{10:10}}

Matthew sulks off into the garage where he holds his arms across his chest. The garage is full of many counters with tools and implements. The light flickers. Lent against the garage wall are plywood boards. Not much else can be made out

Carrie keeps reading before noticing the cat's body jerk. Both she and the cat sit up. Drool comes from the cat's mouth. Carrie puts a hand on its back as vomit spews onto her bed. She looks on, disgusted and annoyed. The cat is grabbed by its sides and is set on the bedroom floor as Carrie leaves for the stairway.

Annet cleans ceramic from the floor with a dustpan and brush. She jerks as she knicks herself and looks at her finger. Carrie wanders in.

Llewellyn throws a trowel and it breaks a glass pane of the greenhouse. Annet peers out the window but Carrie is already speaking to her. SCP-8861 takes several paces.

{{10:12}}

The cat sits on the bed again, licking a paw. It looks across the room towards the hamster cage and waits.

Carrie and Annet argue. Annet throws a roll of kitchen tissue at her and shouts.

From the living room window, Matthew's head floats above the sill in a smooth motion. The TV still plays. Matthew’s head makes another pass. Two passes.

Carrie walks into her bedroom and the cat is on the desk by the cage. She pays it no attention as she unravels the roll and grabs tissue-fulls of sick. She wanders back out to the bathroom.

Llewellyn stands with hands on his hips and then suddenly walks towards the house.

{{10:15}}

Matthew’s head makes another two passes by the living room window, this time getting bigger and smaller. The TV displays ads for a brand of ibuprofen. As Matthew’s head passes again, the telephone turns to look at the camera. Matthew glances at the camera. SCP-8861’s ocelli look at the sun.

Carrie continues grabbing tissues. The cat paws at the hamster cage door when she is gone.

Llewellyn tracks mud through the house and up the stairs towards his room. Carrie passes him in the hallway and says something and points to her room. Llewellyn says nothing and gives a thumbs up and walks away.

Annet stands in the living room and she says something to Matthew.

{{10:18}}

The cat hooks the cage door and opens it and paws the inside.

Carrie washes her hands vigorously and then looks at herself in the mirror. She itches the side of her face.

Llewellyn searches a bedside cabinet. He gets mud on the duvet.

{{10:20}}

Carrie enters her bedroom again. The cat chews at something. It looks up, blood and fur in its mouth. Carrie stands back. She throws the book at the cat and it yelps and scurries from the room and downstairs and out the catflap.

Carrie runs to her parents' bedroom. She shouts at Llewellyn. He fumbles around the draw and waves his hand at her and shrugs.

Matthew's head seemingly collides with something. Annet's face is in a scream.

{{10:22}}

The cat runs off into the hedges. SCP-8861 is halfway across the street.

Matthew gets up. He rides a bicycle down the hall, head attached.

Annet chases.

Carrie places the hamster in the bin. She heads downstairs to the garden where the moths lay on the ground. 

{{10:25}}

Carrie sits on the garden floor. She holds a tupperware box containing a couple half-bitten grapes. She picks up the wingless moths still living and delivers them into the box, capturing about three.

Matthew rides his bike around the garden in circles.

Annet looks around the house and finds Llewellyn. They begin to argue. Annet points at the mudtracked carpet and duvet.

The cat emerges with a flickering moth in its mouth.

{{10:26}}

Llewellyn heads outside and Annet follows. Llewellyn is bringing something from the bedroom to the garden patch.

The cat brings the moth to where Carrie is and sets it down. Carrie shoves the cat away and shouts and it runs off. She itches her arm till there is a red mark.

Matthew rides the bike from around the garden to the tiled area and says something to Carrie.

{{10:27}}

Llewellyn, as he turns to face his wife, glances at the camera pointed at the garden from the neighbours security system. He seemingly stops talking mid sentence. He just stands there and Annet continues.

Matthew stands and shifts from side to side. He tries to look in the tupperware and Carrie pushes him back.

{{10:28}}

Llewellyn walks back to the house into the kitchen and accidentally knocks over the bin with plate shards in it. Annet follows still. Llewellyn yells something as he rigorously searches drawers and pulls out a small cylindrical object.

Matthew crosses his arms and then stomps on a moth on the ground.

{{10:29}}

Back in the garden, Llewellyn stares at the camera again, and then holds up the object. A beam hits the camera and Llewellyn stands back. He points and Annet does not look.

Matthew and Carrie shout. She stands up and Matthew stomps the ground again, crushing another wingless moth.

{{10:30}}

Llewellyn and Annet pace. They are erratically talking.

Carrie hits Matthew in the face and he falls down. He holds his bloody nose. His sister brings up her fist again. He runs off into the house.

Annet grabs the cylindrical object from Llewellyn’s hand and throws it over the fence. She slaps him and points at his muddy boots. Llewellyn pauses, and walks past her into the house and into the garage.

{{10:33}}

Llewellyn is in the garage at the counters with plywood and nails. Annet stands behind.

Matthew is upstairs in his dad’s bedroom. He drags out a crate from beneath the bed and wipes blood from his nose and lip on the duvet. Nothing is within the crate. SCP-8861 nears the porch.

Carrie remains outside with the moths.

{{10:35}}

Llewellyn throws a wooden construction into Annet’s arms. It is a boot cleaner. He holds his arms out. Annet looks wide eyed and does not say anything. Llewellyn is shouting and kicks the counter.

Matthew continues rummaging. He opens the bedside drawer. Inside is a gun.

Carrie remains outside in the garden.

{{10:37}}

Annet sets the boot cleaner down. She heads for the front door and Llewellyn follows and grabs her forearm.

Matthew is in the garden and stands opposite Carrie some distance away. Carrie says something and Matthew raises his arm.

Carrie holds her neck. Spallations of blood and skin torn up. Her clothes are dark and red filthy. She screams. Matthew screams. SCP-8861 knocks on the door.

{{12:00}}

Llewellyn and Annet are in the hallway sputtering. A gunshot breaks their argument. They are turning. Churning.

Matthew and Carrie are still in the garden.

SCP-8861 knocks on the door. And all turn.

{{12:01}}

Carrie and Matthew are setting the table.

Everyone lets SCP-8861 in and they welcome him in 

and he is an old family friend and he puts his hat and coat up on the rack and he sits at the dinner table 

and Annet pours him a glass of water and they talk about Matthew’s school and Llewellyn’s work and none are talking and there is a silence and SCP-8861. Carrie slumps at the table.

SCP-8861 talks about dreams and dreams with discrepancies and everything repeats and no one is sitting and SCP-8861 wipes his face.

And one by one they are all taken upstairs.

{{...End Log…}}

@@ @@

{{Time of Death: 12:01}}

@@ @@

{{Time of Containment: 12:01}}

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8860](SCP-8860) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-8862](SCP-8862) >>

> **Filename:** This_is_where_I_first_saw_it_but_I_didnt_scream_or_cry.jpg

> **Author:** Unobtainium235

> **License:** CC BY SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [here](https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/unobtainium235-4/This_is_where_I_first_saw_it_but_I_didnt_scream_or_cry.jpg)
