=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8673

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The nature of SCP-8673 and its anomalous effects are to be disclosed to employees stationed at Site-73 during initial debriefing and safety lectures. Warning signs are to be placed in clear view outside the room which intersects SCP-8673.

Individuals who experience internal pain and bleeding after spending time within the region are to report to on-site medical facilities for physical examination and potential surgical intervention.

Due to SCP-8673's location, it is considered contained.

**Description:** SCP-8673 is a spatial anomaly which intersects with the subterranean region of Site-73 Site-73 is a recovered materials receptacle and processing facility, established in 1972 in █████████, Alaska. The site's primary purpose is to serve as an intake for anomalous items awaiting categorization, allowing nearby facilities to focus on more strenuous and vital tasks. While Site-73 is important for its role of redirecting item load, its lack of long-term containment infrastructure place it in low-priority for funding allocation.. The anomaly will periodically generate items within itself, regardless of whether or not the space is already occupied. Items recovered from SCP-8673 most often include common office supplies and stationery. Staff at Site-73 have also reported experiencing visual, auditory, and olfactory hallucinations while near or within the room intersecting SCP-8673. Notable manifestations have been listed below. 

Due to SCP-8673’s familiarity among staff employed at Site-73, it has cemented itself within the facilities culture, spawning multiple workplace legends which attempt to humorously explain its origin or sourceThough initially discouraged on the grounds of professionalism, comments and jokes about SCP-8673 being haunted are allowed to an extent, coinciding with an initiative to increase low morale and employee satisfaction within the site..

---

**List of Notable SCP-8673 Materializations:** 

| Date | Materialization | Description / Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| < 8/7/1967 Exact date of materialization unknown. | < Endosteal Type Dental Implants | < Recovered by mining teams during the initial excavation of Site-73’s subterranean region, found preserved within deep rock and initially misidentified as fossilized crinoids. |
| < 1/12/1971 | < Office Desk | < Materialized in thin-air during construction of Site-73’s interior structure. Later investigation revealed the desk matched no current model or design supplied at the time. |
| < 3/15/1973 | < Wooden Pencils | < Materialized in front of Junior Researcher Elizabeth ███, who reported them to site security. Following prior investigation of items recovered in 1967 and 1971, the room where the incident occurred is classified as SCP-8673. Pencils were noted to be missing their graphite cores. |
| < 4/12/1975 | < Ceramic Coffee Cup | < Materialized behind Site Janitor Jacob ██████, who sustained a knee injury after tripping upon it. Plans to repurpose SCP-8673's room into a dedicated containment chamber are considered following staff complaints, though are postponed after consideration of required cost compared to safety achieved. |
| < 5/23/1982 | < Visual Hallucination | < Senior Researcher Elizabeth ███ reported witnessing a humanoid being within SCP-8673. Elizabeth described the being as resembling a burned human male missing its skin, with significant bleeding originating from its mouth. The entity stumbled towards her while screaming, before vanishing in a flash of light. |
| < 7/12/1985 | < Office Chair | < Chair was missing bolts required for structural stability and fell apart upon use. Security cameras revealed the item to be an SCP-8673 materialization, but not before rumors of the region damaging items within it spread among the facility. |
| < 2/15/1986 | < Olfactory Hallucination | < Employees working within SCP-8673 report a burning smell within the space, similar to that of singed hair. The room is temporarily evacuated, until site technicians confirm that no faults were found in electrical systems. |
| < 10/19/1990 | < Security Keycard | < Researcher Jacob ██████ was found incapacitated after spending time within SCP-8673. A Foundation-issued temporary security keycard was found to have manifested within his torso, separating a rib and multiple blood vessels. Employees at Site-73 once again request that the room intersecting with SCP-8673 be converted into a proper containment chamber, though due to an unusually high amount of anomalous items being transferred to the facility that year Recovered after a raid on a MC&D-controlled shipping yard, the sudden influx of which led to backlogging of anomalous materials at Site-73., this was denied. |
| < 12/31/1990 | < Auditory Hallucination | Guttural screaming was heard by employees within SCP-8673 during a New Year's Eve celebration, despite all employees being vacant from the room at the time. |
---

**Addendum One:** Following 1990, efforts to establish understanding of SCP-8673's mechanism for sourcing and producing items are temporarily suspended, as Site-73 begins to receive anomalous items faster than its ability to categorize and export them to nearby containment facilities. 

---

**Addendum Two:** As of 1993, Site-73 ranks as one of the lowest facilities in recorded employee satisfaction, even after deadline extensions for processing quotas, implementation of counselling services, and decreases in mandatory overtime. Temporary transferal of SCP-███ to Site-73 for emotional support is placed under consideration, though this request has not been approved as of writing.

---

**Incident Report 8673-95:** On August 17th, 1995, Incident-8673-95 occurred within SCP-8673, after former Researcher Edward █████  was tasked with moving Anomalous Item #22352 to testing facilities within Site-73.

<details>
<summary>Open - Anomalous Item #22352</summary>

---

**Item Description:** Small metal device, similar in appearance and size to a digital pocket watch. Unknown purpose. Confiscated from a small-scale Group of Interest, currently under investigation by both the Foundation and local law enforcement for the sale of stolen and/or fabricated antiques and historical artifacts.

**Date of Recovery:** 3/15/1993

**Location of Recovery:** ██████, United Kingdom. 

**Current Status:** Transferred to short-term item storage at Site-73, awaiting processing and item classification.

---

</details>

= **VIDEO SURVEILLANCE LOG - INCIDENT 8673-95**

---

**DATE:** August 17th, 1995

**NOTE:** Edward █████ had requested to transfer from Site-73 six months prior to incident 8673-95, citing work-induced stress and insomnia as reasons for doing so. Transfer request was denied.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**09:43** Edward █████  is seated within his office cubicle, located within SCP-8673. He is finishing a report on Anomalous Item #54213, which he had failed to complete the day prior. 

**09:53:** Edward prints out his report of Anomalous Item #54213 and takes it to the Site's Low-Risk Anomalous Material Manager Jared ████, though he makes a detour to Site-73's break room for coffee. 

**10:03:** Edward brings the report to Jared ████. Jared makes a comment on his physical appearance, before requesting that he transfers Anomalous Item #22352 from storage to the site's testing facility. Edward is seen taking a moment to process the information, before stating that he doesn't have sufficient access to said region of the facility. Jared ████ hands Edward a temporary security card to enter the region This is a violation of Site Procedure : Temporary security cards are to only be distributed either with written permission given to Site Security, or during an emergency which requires their use. before returning to his office. Edward places the keycard into his shirt's chest pocket and leaves the room.

**10:07:** Edward arrives at the storage room containing Anomalous Item #22352. Upon receiving its security case, Edward requests handling procedure notes for the itemRequired to be provided to all employees tasked with handling and moving recovered anomalous items., but upon being notified that the notes were lost in filing, he proceeds to leave without them.

**10:23:** Edward is seen traveling to Site-73's testing facilities. As he walks through the office room intersecting SCP-8673, he stops once he realizes the containment case holding Anomalous Item #22352 isn't fully sealed and locked. Edward leans against an office cubicle and attempts to close the case fully. His hands are noticeably shaky and uncoordinated.

**10:24:** A site employee, █████ ███, leaves the office and unintentionally slams the door upon exiting. Edward █████ is seen flinching at the noise and drops the still-open case. Anomalous Item #22352 falls to the floor, audibly cracking as it collides with the ground.

**10:24:** Edward █████ instinctively reaches for the object, but pauses. He looks up and around at his environment nervously, and then back down at the item. He hesitates for a moment, before reaching for Anomalous Item #22352.

**10:25:** As Edward places his hand around the item and squeezes, the screen lights up and an electronic beep is heard. Edward █████ screams as the object begins to vibrate. 

**10:25:** Edward █████, Anomalous Item #22352, and all nearby objects within the office vanish in a flash of blue light. 

**10:26:** Site-73 enters lockdown.

---

[END LOG]

---

**Addendum Three:** Shortly after Incident 8673-95, the office room intersecting SCP-8673 is condemned, and containment protocol revisions for SCP-8673 are placed under immediate review. During an investigation into Incident-8673-95, one more collection of items materialized within the space.

| Date | Materialization | Description / Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 8/25/1995 | Human Fingernails | Fingernails were blackened and hot upon manifestation as if exposed to extreme heat, though blood and skin cells were still recoverable. Upon genetic analysis, it was discovered the DNA was identical to that of Edward █████. |
---

<< [SCP-8672](SCP-8672) | SCP-8673 | [SCP-8674](SCP-8674) >>

> **Filename:** Office-Cubicals-5205.jpg

> **Author:** David R. Tribble

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Office-Cubicals-5205.jpg
