=====

=====

**Item:** SCP-8266

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8266 is contained in humanoid containment chamber #B1175 in Site-17's Anomalous Childcare wing. The Maternal Personnel is the main caretaker tasked with ensuring the well-being of SCP-8266 and other anomalies of the Unveiling Education Program. 

The Unveiling Education Program is an initiative to prepare young sapient anomalies for the potential arrival of a Broken Masquerade Scenario in the future, and the reveal of the anomalous to the world. These selected anomalies would be one of the first shown to the public; they have been chosen specifically because of their human appearance, in order to make the anomalies look more sympathetic and the population more open to the existence of the anomalous, with a gradual reveal of more shocking anomalies later on. 

The Maternal Personnel is charged with reminding SCP-8266 that it is anomalous, and everyone else will see it as such once it is out in the real world. 

At least once every two days, SCP-8266 must be brought into outside-world simulation sessions, where the anomaly is placed into a fake scenario with actors portraying outside-world civilians. The following scenarios must be applied:

* SCP-8266 is to be trained to hide its eyes when it should, either behind sunglasses or with a hat, as its anomalous capabilities could easily shock any normal human. 

* SCP-8266 is to be trained to ignore any kind of insults given toward it and its anomalous capability, with actors constantly insulting the anomaly by screaming. Should SCP-8266 respond to any of these insults by crying or verbal retaliation, no rewards are to be given.

* SCP-8266 must learn to promote the SCP Foundation once it is outside. The anomaly must learn the many ways the Foundation protects both the anomalous world and the normal. Since SCP-8266 is particularly anxious around a crowd, it must face the most actors available when promoting the Foundation. 

SCP-8266 can be rewarded for its compliance by being congratulated, receiving treats, being hugged by Maternal Personnel, being offered gifts to decorate its containment cell, or being allowed to interact with the program's other anomalies to play.

Staff can often remind the anomaly that it is different from the rest of the world, and that only the Maternal Personnel love SCP-8266 for who it is.

**Description:** SCP-8266 is a male humanoid 14 years of age, who is capable of knowing the current emotions of any individual it is visually observing. Depending on the emotion observed, the iris of SCP-8266 changes in color. 

| Color | Emotion |
| --- | --- |
| Red | Anger |
| Blue | Sadness |
| Purple | Fear |
| White | Disgust |
| Green | Contempt |
| Yellow | Happiness |
| Pink | Unknown |
The parents of SCP-8266, prior to the administration of amnestics to both, claimed to have seen the pink color; this is currently not documented by the Foundation.

<< [SCP-8265](SCP-8265) | SCP-8266 | [SCP-8267](SCP-8267) >>

> **Filename:** dept9.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-nondescript-department-icons)

> **Filename:** eye.jpg

> **Name:** Wonder eye

> **Author:** Jalal Volker

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikicommons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wonder_eye.png)
