**Item #:** SCP-8330

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8330, in its dormant state, has been deemed part of normalcy; as a consequence, containment is not advised. Variation in the typical lifecycle of SCP-8330 instances must be monitored, and any deviations reported immediately.

**Description:** SCP-8330 is a symbiotic creature whose lifecycle mainly occurs inside the human body, and has infected the majority of the human population. It benefits the host by acting as the internal appendage commonly referred to as the tongue. SCP-8330 instances are largely dormant; however, under significant environmental stress, an instance will apply force against the ligaments in the hyoid bone and mandible until failure. 

Once unconstrained, SCP-8330 will escape the oral cavity and ambulate through rapid undulation of the foliate papillae in search of food and potential mates. SCP-8330 display hoarding behaviour, and will deposit food into their host's mouth for preservation and later consumption. The diet of SCP-8330 is largely opportunistic, but shows a preference for vegetation, fruit, spiders, and small insects.

Courtship behaviour of SCP-8330 involves an intricate display of body language and exchange of fluids. Once mating has completed, SCP-8330 will return to its host and re-attach itself. Impregnated egg cells are oviposited into the tonsillar crypts which form hard, calcified masses where they mature until they are swallowed. Larvae will infect a foetus if present, or will otherwise harmlessly be excreted.

<< [SCP-8329](SCP-8329) | SCP-8330 | [SCP-8331](SCP-8331) >>
