**Item #:** SCP-8203

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation personnel are to monitor all major pedestrian and motorized pathways leading to Fisterra, Galicia, Spain for instances of SCP-8203. In the event that a SCP-8203 instance is located, personnel are to monitor the instance closely without engaging.

Foundation personnel are to close off roads leading from the current position of SCP-8203 to the coast of Fisterra.

**Description:** SCP-8203 is the collective designation for a series of human-led, anomalous processions leading to FisterraOne of the traditional endpoints for the Camiño de Santiago pilgrimage route, and one of the westernmost points in continental Europe., and continuing into the Atlantic Ocean. SCP-8203 instances are composed of a single human leader, followed by anywhere between 12 and 2,798 spectral entities of variably humanoid appearance. 

Of the 27 observed instances of SCP-8203, Foundation personnel have been able to identify the human leaders of 21. Over 80% of those identified are individuals residing in the province of Galicia, with the rest residing in other Spanish provinces along the Camiño de Santiago. Beyond the point of origin, there is no apparent pattern in race, gender, wealth, religion, or other identifying factors.

Apparitions constituting SCP-8203 instances are typically humanoid in appearance, 0.5-6.5 m in height, and of varying degrees of translucency. Apparitions are not capable of physically interacting with other objects. All apparitions have heads and occasionally other body parts of non-human animals, primarily domesticated farm animals and wild animals hunted in the region, and are clad in white robes of varying degrees of cleanliness. 

To date, attempts to communicate with SCP-8203 instances have been unsuccessful, with both humans and apparitions apparently unable to articulate coherent speech, although both exhibit significant distress when approached.

SCP-8203 instances will approach the Atlantic Ocean and continue to walk into the water, eventually disappearing below the waves. Foundation tracking of SCP-8203 instances have indicated a depth of approximately 15 km below sea level before ceasing function.

**Addendum-8203-283:**

While conducting documentary research related to SCP-██████, in an archive in ██████, Spain, Researcher Xoán Enriquez came across an apparently original manuscript of *Cantigas de Santa Maria*A 13th century collection of monophonic religious songs about the Virgin Mary attributed to the court of Alfonso X of Galicia, Castille, and Leon., dated to the early 15th century. The manuscript contained an additional cantiga concerning the repentance of a sinful pilgrim that appears to provide the earliest record of SCP-8203. Unlike other works in the *Cantigas*, there is no accompanying musical notation, nor a title. Below is the relevant excerpt, translated into English.

> The Virgin's name is like honey on the tongues

> Of the pure-hearted, and like bread to those in need

> [Stumbling from the *albergue*] the drunken pilgrim, purse jingling and belly full, hailed the starless night. On the crooking trail to the sea's maw he beheld

> 

> The Virgin's name is like honey on the tongues

> Of the pure-hearted, and like bread to those in need

> A villain, much like himself, leading a vast train of devils. Bull-faced wanderers and deer-headed seekers, they wailed and gnashed their many teeth

> 

> The Virgin's name is like honey on the tongues

> Of the pure-hearted, and like bread to those in need

> Compelled to follow the winding path swallowed by the waves. Down, the motley band marched, down, into the murk, until the devouring shrine rose to meet them.

**Incident Report 8203-487:**

On ██/██/1992, SCP-█████, located in ██████, Galicia, spontaneously ceased functioning, following the procession of SCP-8203 with a leader, ████ ████-████, from ██████. Following an investigation, it was determined that all anomalous activity in ██████ had ceased. Further research indicates that locales from which SCP-8203 instances are drawn see a complete and total cessation of reported anomalous activity. The reason for this is unclear.

<< [SCP-8202](SCP-8202) | SCP-8203 | [SCP-8204](SCP-8204) >>

> **Filename:** 

> **Name:** (if different from filename)

> **Author:**

> **License:**

> **Source Link:**
