**Item:** SCP-8914

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The current containment of SCP-8914 consists only of the cloaking of the buildings where the entities are located. The "LEIBNIZ" Thaumaturgic Seal in each of the buildings should be monitored for weakening or any kind of change. Containment cells with specific characteristics have been constructed near the vicinity of each SCP-8914 instance. In the event of a containment breach by SCP-8914, a standard protocol for concealment and evacuation of nearby populated areas should be followed.

**Description:** SCP-8914 is the designation given to the following four entities in their respective locations:

* **SCP-8914-A:** Igneous entity with a body plan similar to a member of the Therapoda taxon; however, it has an autapomorphy with respect to that group with two pairs of wings on its back, the pair closest to the tail being the smallest. Although SCP-8914-A is composed entirely of flames, its coloration is not homogeneous: while a large part of the body is orange, the limbs are blue, the claws and a series of 4 horns on its head are black, and the arrowhead tail has a greenish hue. The size of SCP-8914-A is variable depending on the amount of oxygen available in the area, although it can continue to burn in the absence of oxygen.

SCP-8914-A is sealed in a subterranean Greek prostyle temple *in antis* located in Greece. The structure follows the canonical structure of similar buildings:

***Naos:*** It has a  detailed statue of SCP-8914-A wearing a corinthian helmet and linothorax. Outside the temple, it is possible to appreciate a flame in the mouth of the statue. When entering the temple, this flame disappears and it is possible to visualize the totality of SCP-8914-A.

***Pronaos:*** The two columns that support it are carved with the "LEIBNIZ" Seal, adorned with different images of SCP-8914-A. Most of them show a relationship between the entity and humans.

In the periphery of the temple, one can find burnt remains of weapons such as swords, spears, armor, and crosses, some of those remains have residues of EVE. The dating of these objects is after the decline of the civilization of Ancient Greece, coinciding with the period of the Late Middle Ages.

* **SCP-8914-B:** Aeolian entity composed of a mixture of unknown gases, with blue and white shades. Its morphology is similar to that of the *Naja* taxonVipers.. Its head has two branched yellow horns and can manifest 4 claw-like limbs at will. SCP-8914-B is usually found in a state of formless diffusion, occupying the entire volume of the room where it is found, and has rarely been seen to resume its original form.

SCP-8914-B is sealed in a MandirHindu temple  in the Darien jungle, India. The temple follows this architectural plan:

The exterior of the building is highly decorated with stone carvings of different people, all wearing accessories with elements of the SCP-8914-B morphology. SCP-8914-B is found in the *garba griha* section, presenting itself as a bluish cloud floating on the roof of the structure. Arrows with Akiva radiation residues have been found in the *mandapa*. It should be noted that ofudas and goheis have also been collected, as well as seals related to the Shinto religion.

It is believed that these seals kept SCP-8914-B inside the building, and further analysis by the Tactical Theology department has identified that they were designed specifically to contain the entity, while other seals were intended to permanently wipe it out. Research is continuing to replicate and improve these seals in the event of a containment breach.  

* **SCP-8914-C:** A corpulent rocky entity with an appearance similar to the reptiles of the *Heloderma* taxonGila monster.. Its back is covered with jade plates similar to lanceolate leaves and it has a robust tail covered with golden spikes. Different types of writings and codices have been carved on its plates, which are consistent with the style of various pre-Hispanic cultures.  

SCP-8914-C is located in a teocalliMesoamerican pyramid surmounted by a temple in the dry forests of Yucatan, Mexico. SCP-8914-C is visible from the outside as a massive jade-encrusted rock, located in the temple area. The base of the pyramid is adorned with statues of the head of SCP-8914-C, albeit with different types of minerals on its front. The structure is surrounded by 14 human skulls, each with a jade rock in the mouth, carved with different Maya glyphs related to SCP-8914-C; some of the skulls show deformations caused after death, giving the appearance of having tufts, which have been formed from the bone structure. The "LEIBNIZ" seal has been carved on 4 of the 14 skulls.   

Weapons such as: Macuahuitl, teputzopilli, tectapl, of the Mexica civilization have been found in the surroundings; when analyzed with Kant counters, it has been obtained that they could have the capacity to alter reality in a limited way. The restoration of these weapons is still in process.

* **SCP-8914-D:** Pisciform water entity with similarities of the *Bagre* and *Exocoetideae* taxaFlying fish.. They have a length of 11 meters with a tail that ends in a fork with ice tendrils. Its gills constantly produce steam that can remain in a gaseous state even underwater. It has 4 pairs of whiskers of different sizes with a navy blue hue. Its pectoral and pelvic fins are large in relation to the total size of the entity, being able to extend them and use them as wings.

SCP-8914-D is located in a region of Lake Dilolo, Angola. The structure containing SCP-8914-D is rudimentary, being a small floating Bakongo shrine on the shores of Lake Dilolo. The shrine contains different statuettes representing important gods and spirits of the Bakongo cosmology, even though they do not present any anomalous properties at the moment, it is described that these entities were previously invoked to keep SCP-8914-D appeased. However, most of the statuettes show damage and vandalism, indicating a clear intention to release SCP-8914-D. The "LEIBNIZ" seal is found on the most recent statuette, which is in the form of a Bakongo woman holding a stick.

**Addendum 8914.1 – Procurement and registration**

Historical records mention the advanced pyrokinetic, aerokinetic, geokinetic, and hydrokinetic capabilities of each of the respective SCP-8914 instances. For example, instances could manifest themselves through flames, air currents, rock formations, and bodies of water anywhere in the world. The main function of the "LEIBNIZ" seal is to keep SCP-8914 within its respective locations, as well as the limit of its abilities to prevent its escape. The seal operation is based on a positive feedback loop, having SCP-8914's instances as a source of energy.

Most instances of SCP-8914 are believed to have remained at large for an unknown period, though not predating human civilization. SCP-8914 are known to have had a cultural impact on humanity while they were free, although the various sources are contradictory, as they are sometimes depicted as benign entities and at other times as agents of ill omen or catastrophic prophecies. It is believed that during a very short period in human history, SCP-8914 was invariably benign and at some point, a major event occurred that altered the behavior of the entities, starting a conflict that has lasted until recent times and ending with their confinement.

Radiocarbon dating results show that the buildings containing SCP-8914 have been restored on more than one occasion. This could indicate that throughout history, instances have been captured and locked in the same location; however, the reason for these specific locations remains unknown.

The knowledge of SCP-8914 came into the hands of the Foundation on 05/02/2024 after an agreement with one of the representative members of the Council of 108 of the Global Occult Coalition, where the Foundation would study the anomaly for a period of 5 years, after which it would return to the possession of the GOC for disposal. It is known that the GOC was not responsible for containing the SCP-8914 instances and was only responsible for maintaining the "LEIBNIZ" Seals.

A more detailed review of the "LEIBNIZ" seal revealed that its working mechanism and efficiency have reduced with the passage of time. By using the Thaumaturgical Clock technique Technique that allows to know the evolution of the Aspect Radiation levels of objects, entities, and diverse thaumaturgical works., it was demonstrated that this seal has been gradually weakening since the 19th century, and drastically in the 20th century, specifically in the following years: 1927, 1979, 1983, and finally in 2012. All these years have been important in the field of physics, coinciding with the experimental discovery of the particles mediating the elementary forces proposed by the standard model.

As for SCP-8914, the levels of EVE, Akiva, and Humes emitted by the entities have also decreased during investigations since 2024. A model was performed based on such measurements and the most accepted explanation is that it was not an erosion of the "LEIBNIZ" seal, but of the SCP-8914 instances themselves which were expected to disappear during 2027. However, changes were reported in the different temples, mainly the materials were replaced by mixtures of current constructions, although they maintained their archaic styles.

### SCP-8914 UPDATE IN PROGRESS

**SCP-8914 documentation is still being gathered and edited. If you want or need information concerning this file, you should send a request to the Records and Information Security Administration (RAISA).**

**— Maria Jones, Director, RAISA**

During 05/12/2026, SCP-8914 broke containment even though the "LEIBNIZ" Seals were still in good condition and functional. Likewise, the nature of the instances changed as follows, although they maintained great similarity in morphology:

* **SCP-8914-A:** The entity has lost its pyrokinetic abilities. Instead of flames, SCP-8914-A is made up of plasma, maintaining its colorations. SCP-8914-A has created different plasma spheres above its temple and stays in the center of them. These spheres orbit SCP-8914-A, sometimes joining the entity and in other cases, SCP-8914-A's body generates more spheres. After each of these events, the creation of heavy elements under SCP-8914-A follows, agglomerating into pure element spheres. Tests on SCP-8914-A's abilities have shown that it has control over the strong nuclear force by manipulating the gluon.

* **SCP-8914-B:** The entity has lost its aerokinetic abilities. SCP-8914-B's body now consists of metallic gases and is surrounded by a strong electromagnetic field. Its horns are composed of continuous electrical discharges, thus maintaining a branched appearance. SCP-8914-B sits in the Indian Ocean as a perpetual electrical storm. SCP-8914-B has the ability to handle and alter the electromagnetic force employing photons.

* **SCP-8914-C:** The entity has lost its geokinetic abilities. Its limbs are now separated from the body, being joined utilizing a gravitational field generated by SCP-8914-C itself.  The codices found on its plates have also disappeared, replaced by Einstein field equations, although they maintain a pre-Hispanic glyph style. SCP-8914-C is capable of altering and generating gravitational fields at will, as well as controlling the gravitonThe graviton was experimentally detected using the Future Circular Collider on 02/05/2026. On 05/11/2026 unification of physics was achieved largely thanks to this discovery.. With this ability, the entity built a floating pyramidal foundation on top of its initial containment point. SCP-8914-C has not made another move, while it has generated a gravitational field that prevents interaction with both the entity and the created structure.

* **SCP-8914-D:** The entity has lost its hydrokinetic abilities. SCP-8914-D's body is now composed of a mixture of highly radioactive elements in a liquid state, which generated an ecological disaster in the Dilolo Lake. In turn, SCP-8914-D can generate a blue flash, followed by this, in a range of 30 km^^2^^ all matter will be subject to accelerated beta decay. SCP-8914-D has the ability to handle and alter the weak interaction through the W and Z bosons.

At the time of this report, alternatives for the containment or elimination of SCP-8914 are still being pursued. The Foundation's efforts have focused on misinforming the public about events related to the new SCP-8914 profile. For the moment, SCP-8914 has maintained a passive attitude and has stayed away from large population nuclei.

<< [SCP-8913](SCP-8913) | SCP-8914 | [SCP-8915](SCP-8915) >>

> **Filename:** leibnizseal.jpg

> **Name:** Leibniz_four_elements

> **Author:** Gottfried Wilhelm von Leibniz

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Leibniz_four_elements.jpg Wikimedia Commons]

> **Filename:** templedragon8914.jpg

> **Name:** Plan of Kandariya Mahadeva temple.jpg

> **Author:** Tangopaso

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Plan_of_Kandariya_Mahadeva_temple.jpg Wikimedia Commons]( Minor edit by .)
