SCP-8223, by P4TR1CK07.

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article features themes of animal cruelty and violence against animals.  Specifically, the story includes depictions of the intentional destruction of live, developing eggs.

:root {

   --lgurl:  https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/;

   --header-title: "Department of Marine Cryptozoology";

   --header-subtitle: "Love, loss and leviathans";

}

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-8223 is to be contained in a 200m^^3^^ tank modified with vegetation and sea life mimicking the Tasman Strait. The walls of the habitat are constructed of three-meter-thick concrete and reinforced with steel. Additionally, hydraulic dampening systems have been installed to reduce potential damage caused by SCP-8223. SCP-8223 is to be fed one live juvenile Great White shark on a daily basis.

~~SCP-8223-1 instances are to be contained separately from SCP-8223 and fitted with a high-sensitivity audio recorder to detect any communication. Staff are not to interact with SCP-8223-1 instances unless given explicit authorisation.~~

Six replicas of SCP-8223-1 instances, fitted with ultrasonic-capable speakers, are to be provided to SCP-8223. The speakers are to emit brief vocalisations that indicate contentedness every 6-24 hours. SCP-8223 is to be monitored for any signs of a change in behaviour towards the replica instances.

**Description:** 

SCP-8223 is an aquatic serpentine entity measuring approximately twenty meters in length and two meters in width.  Accurate measurement of SCP-8223 is currently impossible due to its aggressive nature.  SCP-8223's appearance and biology highly resembles the yellow-lipped sea krait,  *Laticauda colubrina*  except SCP-8223 is entirely unable to produce venom, relying upon its anomalous abilities to engage threats. 

SCP-8223 is carnivorous and can consume up to 100 Kg of meat per day. Outside of hunting, SCP-8223 acts largely defensively, only engaging targets that pose a threat to itself or SCP-8223-1 instances. It is theorised that proximity to SCP-8223-1 instances and sound generation are the primary prerequisites for SCP-8223 to consider an entity a threat.

When engaging threats, extreme weather conditions roughly matching a Category 3 hurricane will manifest, localised within a 2 Km radius of SCP-8223. This weather will cease once SCP-8223 has terminated or disengaged its target. It is believed that SCP-8223 uses this ability to disorientate prey to assist in hunting.

SCP-8223-1 refers to the unborn young of SCP-8223. Similar to other ocean-dwelling serpents, SCP-8223's unborn young are initially contained in eggs while they develop; however, SCP-8223-1 instances differ in that they are born in the ocean, rather than above land. SCP-8223-1 instances communicate with SCP-8223 by emitting ultrasonic vocalisations. The pattern and speed of the vocalisations correspond to different emotional and physical states, for instance, contentedness or distress. Unlike the vocalisations of other ocean fauna, SCP-8223-1's vocalisations are also able to travel through air and physical objects of any density. Testing is yet to establish the maximum distance the vocalisations can travel. These properties make preventing communication between SCP-8223 and SCP-8223-1 instances currently impossible.

**Addendum 8223.01** 

 **SCP-8223 Discovery Log** 

**Date:** 15/07/2025

---

**Discovery:** 

On 12/07/2025, a shipping vessel belonging to the "Strait Connect" shipping company, which had been transiting from the port of Melbourne to the Port of Hobart, failed to perform a status check with the latter. 

After 24 hours with no further communication, the Australian coast guard dispatched to the vessel's last known location. While the vessel itself could not be found, a large patch of debris indicating a shipwreck was found by a search team 47 Km from the vessel's last known position. 

Subsequently, the Australian Federal Police (AFP) dispatched a team of divers to recover the corpses of the crew and confirm the vessel's status. The AFP divers confirmed that the wreck matched the registration of the missing ship. The divers were only able to recover two bodies of the vessel's crew of thirteen. These two bodies were found in the ship's bridge. They were partially consumed by local fauna and were thus mutilated beyond recognition. DNA analysis confirmed that the bodies were those of the captain and the navigator. Written reports from the divers noted unusual damage patterns across the ship's hull, which were later identified as having been caused by SCP-8223.

Additionally, the divers recovered the vessel's transmission logs. Analysis of the contents of the black box by federal investigators revealed that the vessel had made three attempts at sending out distress signals, all of which failed. Below is an excerpt of the final transmission:

*The ship's alarms blare continuously.*

**Captain Winters:** Mayday, mayday, mayday, this is the vessel *Daijoubu*. We have thirteen souls on board. Our navigation systems aren't responding, and the current conditions are threatening to capsize-

*Crashing and banging can be heard. A voice shouts in the background.*

**Unknown:** We're taking on water now, we've got about five minutes before we need to be on the lifeboats! 

**Captain Winters:** Tell them to fire off the last flare!

**Unknown:** We already did! I told you we should've taken a detour, you know the stories, you know all about what happens to ships on this route. You knew the risks!

**Captain Winters:** It's just an animal, it doesn't make sense, we didn't do anything to it!

*SCP-8223 can be heard colliding against the vessel's hull. Captain Winters' screams trail away, until they are silenced by a hard, fleshy thud.*

**Unknown:** Fuck, Winters!

*A short, sudden burst of footsteps trail towards Winters.*

**Unknown:** Shit, Winters, wake up please!

*A flurry of footsteps moves towards the communications system. The unknown voice speaks again, this time through the ship's onboard announcement system.*

**Unknown:** Deploy the lifeboats, abandon ship!

---

**Notes:** 

Digitalised copies of the diver reports and blackbox contents were flagged by embedded Foundation agents. Subsequently, all involved civilian and law enforcement personnel were amnesticized and released.

@@ @@

**Addendum 8223.02** 

 **SCP-8223 Containment Report** 

**Date:** 19/07/2025

---

**Description:**

Following the incident involving the "Strait Connect" vessel, the Foundation subsequently deployed a fleet of three KLN-37 deep-sea observation and tracking vessels. The ships searched the area surrounding the wreckage for several hours before detecting SCP-8223.

SCP-8223 was observed for several days via sonar. During observation, SCP-8223 was noted as having entered and exited one specific cave system several times. Further analysis of sonar imaging revealed a nest of six eggs that SCP-8223 appeared to be guarding.

Following this discovery, plans for containment began to be drafted, despite Lead Researcher Elana Widow calling into question the safety, practicality, and resource-intensive nature of containing SCP-8223. This was disregarded, and Dr. Widow was reminded of the Foundation's strategic priorities.

A containment proposal submitted by Dr. Widow was accepted on 16/07/2025. Dr. Widow stated that this was "the safest means to contain it" and once more reminded the containment supervisors that this would still endanger the lives of staff. The proposal involved the deployment of an LX-class submarine, to be fitted with heavy-duty torpedo-tranquilizers. The submarine would deploy a team of divers to retrieve and secure the eggs before capturing SCP-8223 and towing it to the surface to be airlifted to Site-45.

On 17/07/2025, SCP-8223 was successfully contained via Widows' containment strategy. However, as the divers began to approach the SCP-8223-1 instances, acoustic devices on the submarine detected ultrasonic audio patterns that could not be linked to any known sea life. The audio patterns intensified as the Foundation divers began to carry the eggs towards the submarine. 

SCP-8223 unexpectedly returned to its nest during SCP-8223-1 containment proceedings, causing the loss of three of the six SCP-8223-1 instances, alongside Agents Matthew Widow Whilst the Foundation was aware of Matthew Widow's relationship with Dr. Widow, Dr. Widow's duties as SCP-8223's lead researcher continued until a suitable replacement could be located. , Sarah Keene, and Rory O'Hara.

After discovering the Foundation team, SCP-8223 attempted to utilise its weather-altering abilities until the tranquillisers took full effect.

@@ @@

**Addendum 8223.03** 

 **Incident 8223-1** 

**Date:** 21/07/2025

---

**Description:** 

Foundation staff removed a fragment of shell from SCP-8223-1 A, B and D for testing purposes. Audio equipment detected frenzied vocalisations from the SCP-8223-1 instances, which were heard by SCP-8223.

SCP-8223 subsequently became aggressive and repeatedly rammed its body against the walls of its containment unit in an effort to breach containment. Additionally, SCP-8223 triggered a storm that damaged some of the facility's exterior infrastructure, particularly the site's communication equipment. Following this attempted breach, SCP-8223's containment unit was further reinforced in line with recommendations from Dr. Widow.

@@ @@

**Addendum 8223.04**

 **Proposals for Further Testing on SCP-8223-1 Instances** 

**Date:** 22/07/2025

---

| **Procedure** | **Proposer** | **Reviewer** | **Status** |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Exposure of SCP-8223-1 instances to other predatory ocean fauna to test fear response and effect on SCP-8223. | Lead Researcher Widow | Dr. Widow | **Denied** |
| Exposure of SCP-8223-1 instances to live flame to test pain response and effect on SCP-8223. | Dr. Widow | Dr. Frederick Carlyle | **Denied** |
| Exposure of SCP-8223-1 instances to concentrated doses of radiation to test pain response and effect on SCP-8223. | Dr. Widow | Dr. Frederick Carlyle | **Denied** |
@@ @@

**Addendum 8223.05**

 **Incident 8223-2** 

**Date:** 23/07/2025

---

**Timeline**

**11:21:** SCP-8223-1 research staff arrive at the SCP-8223-1 instances' containment unit and prepare them for amniocentesis Amniocentesis refers to the analysis of samples of amniotic fluid, found in eggs. .

**11:25:** Dr. Widow arrives with the prepared instruments for the procedure. She hands them off to Dr. Shelly before walking into the observation chamber.

**11:29:** The staff finalise preparations for the procedure.

**11:30:** Site-45 is placed on Code Yellow as a precaution. The amniocentesis begins.

**11:35:** The staff successfully perform amniocentesis on all three instances, and the samples are sent for further testing.

**11:37:** Low-pitch, infrequent communication is detected from the SCP-8223-1 instances. SCP-8223 appears mildly agitated at first. Over the next three hours, the communication grows more frequent and high-pitched, and SCP-8223 grows increasingly agitated.

**14:39:** Researchers are alerted of the communications by SCP-8223-1 instances, and the eggs are analysed for damage. Analysis revealed that the procedure punctured the inner membrane of the SCP-8223-1 instances, slowly lowering their vitals to dangerous levels.

**15:27:** All efforts by Foundation staff to prevent the death of the SCP-8223-1 instances are unsuccessful. The SCP-8223-1 instances emit one final frenzied vocalisation to SCP-8223 before death.

**15:28:** SCP-8223 becomes extremely distressed and begins to violently smash against the side of its containment unit.

**15:37:** The eastern wall of SCP-8223's containment unit gives way, and water begins to flood the lower level of Site-45. SCP-8223 escapes and travels through the site toward the direction of the SCP-8223-1 instances' containment unit, causing significant damage to the site's internal structure and killing several staff in the process.  Of the seven staff that perished in the breach, five drowned as a result of the flooding, and two were crushed by SCP-8223. . 

**15:53:** As SCP-8223was about to reach the location of the deceased SCP-8223-1 instances, emergency generators are activated by on-site security, allowing for the activation of emergency lockdown doors that prevented SCP-8223 from progressing towards the deceased instances.

**15:59:** Emergency pump systems are activated in the lower levels of Site-45. SCP-8223 is detained and returned to its containment unit, which is later refitted.

---

**Notes:** Subsequent analysis of the footage revealed that Dr. Widow had tampered with the syringes before providing them to Dr. Shelly. Specifically, Dr. Widow covertly swapped the correct syringes for those of a longer length, which caused the inner membrane of the SCP-8223-1 instances to be destroyed. Dr. Widow was subsequently detained for questioning.

@@ @@

**Addendum 8223.06** 

 **Interrogation Logs** 

**Date:** 24/07/2025

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Agent Morrison:** Good afternoon, Dr. Widow. My name is Agent Morrison. I have some questions for you regarding yesterday's incident.

**Dr. Widow:** I wasn't even there. I did my job and left.

**Agent Morrison:** That's precisely why you're being questioned. The syringes you provided to Dr. Shelly were two centimetres longer than what she had specified. This discrepancy killed the SCP-8223-1 instances and caused everything that happened after. I know a doctor of your years doesn't make mistakes like that. See, I know what happened to your husband during containment, they were looking for a replacem-

*Dr.Widow points in the direction of SCP-8223's containment unit.*

**Dr. Widow:**  Are you accusing me of killing those things? Listen, if you're questioning my loyalty-

**Agent Morrison:** Dr. Widow, we have surveillance footage of you tampering with the syringes.

**Dr. Widow:** It was an accident, I haven't been thinking clearly, I-

**Agent Morrison:** I get it, you were angry. You were hurting, and you wanted to take out that hurt on it. Makes perfect sense.

*Dr. Widow places her right hand on her forehead.*

**Dr. Widow:** I didn't want to. I tried to warn them; I knew this would happen, it always does.

**Agent Morrison:** Tried to tell them what, doctor?

**Dr. Widow:** I've seen it again and again, every time we find some freak of nature out there, it costs us lives, and that *thing* cost us my husband. The Foundation decided *that* was a reasonable price to pay.

**Agent Morrison:** Your husband died making the world a safer place. He died a hero. Matthew never would've wanted you to do this.

*Dr. Widow quickly thrusts her pointer finger out towards Morrison.*

**Dr. Widow:** Don't give me that shit. None of you pricks ever cared about him; he was always endangering himself to prove himself to the Foundation, and he always volunteered for the most dangerous missions so that others wouldn't have to. He died, alone, cold, and afraid at the bottom of the ocean, so that fucking monster can sit in its tank and be fed at the Foundation's dime. 

**Agent Morrison:** That thing was frightened and confused, and it saw its offspring being taken away. It didn't understand, it couldn't ask what was happening. It's an animal, it didn't do it out of malice; it did it out of instinct. I am truly sorry about your husband, he was a close friend.

 **Dr. Widow:** Stop making excuses for it. Stop trying to explain it. I had to do what I did.

**Agent Morrison:** Why, doctor?

**Dr. Widow:**  I needed to make things right, for Matthew, for everyone. I tried before, and I failed.

**Agent Morrison:** And you thought killing them would fix it?

**Dr. Widow:** Yes.

**Agent Morrison:** Come with me.

**<END LOG>**

**Addendum 8223.07**

 **Agent Morrison's Body Camera Footage** 

**Date:** 25/07/2025

---

**Begin Footage Transcription**

*Agent Morrison stands up and gestures for Dr. Widow to do the same. She follows Agent Morrison out of the interrogation room. They walk out of the security wing towards the emergency lockdown door that SCP-8223 was halted at in its initial breach. Agent Morrison steps to the edge of the hallway, giving Dr. Widow a full view of the door, which is decorated with the IDs and photos of the staff lost during the breach, as well as letters of admiration and paper flowers.*

**Agent Morrison:** Was it worth it, Dr. Widow?

*Dr. Widow does not reply.*

**Agent Morrison:** There's more.

*Agent Morrison leads Dr. Widow down a detour, eventually coming out on the other side of the lockdown door. Once again, Agent Morrison steps aside, allowing Dr. Widow to view the state of the hallway. Large scratch marks decorate the walls, and several doors are badly damaged. Many of the floor tiles are cracked and scratched.*

**Dr. Widow:** I didn- I couldn't-

*Agent Morrison turns to face the lockdown door, gesturing towards it. He steps forward and removes the hazard tape covering the door. The door itself is severely damaged and warped inward.*

**Agent Morrison:** We got lucky. This could've been a lot worse. If it got past that door and into the staff offices...

*Dr. Widow does not reply.*

**Agent Morrison:** There's one last thing I want you to see.

*Agent Morrison leads Dr. Widow towards the containment unit of SCP-8223. They enter and ascend a flight of stairs to the viewing room. On the other side of the glass, in the corner of the tank, partially hidden behind a pile of decorative rocks, is SCP-8223. SCP-8223 is tightly curled, and shaking. Dotted around its containment tank are piles of rotting meat. Small portions can be seen breaking off and floating to the surface occasionally. SCP-8223's eyes dart wildly around before momentarily peering into the viewing room, locking eyes with Dr. Widow.*

**Agent Morrison:** It doesn't eat, doesn't move, doesn't fight. We don't know how much longer it's got. Some of the staff think we need to start pipe feeding soon unless something changes. 

*Dr. Widow bows her head, wraps her arms around herself and starts to shake.*

**End Footage Transcription**

@@ @@

**Addendum 8223.08**

 **Revised Containment Procedures** 

**Date:** 27/07/2025

---

**Description:**

Following interrogation by the Foundation Internal Security Department, Dr. Widow was detained until her case could be heard by the Ethics Committee. While in Foundation custody and awaiting her hearing, Dr. Widow submitted blueprints for imitation versions of the SCP-8223-1 instances capable of emitting the same vocalisation as the original instances. The blueprints are to be analysed by Foundation equipment manufacturers and considered for use in the containment of SCP-8223. 

**[UPDATE 30/07/2025]:** The blueprints were accepted and, after some testing, proved effective at pacifying SCP-8223. The creation of the blueprints suggest genuine remorse, which is to be considered at her disciplinary hearing.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8222](SCP-8222) | **SCP-8223** | [SCP-8224](SCP-8224) >>

> **Filename:** StraitSerpent

> **Author:**   

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Link](https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/p47r1ck43/SS2)

> **Derivative Of:** 

---

> **Filename:** Eilat Dolphin Reef (3)

> **Author:** טל שמע

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Eilat_Dolphin_Reef_(3).jpg)  

---

> **Filename:** Laticauda laticaudata (9960391413)

> **Author:** Christian Gloor

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** 

[Wikimedia](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Laticauda_laticaudata_(9960391413).jpg)
