.box {

    position: relative;

    padding: 1em;

    margin: 0.5em;

    box-shadow: 2px 1.5px 1px rgba(176,16,0,0.7), 0 0 0px 1px lightgrey;

    overflow-wrap: break-word;

    color: black;

}

.box.imagebox {

    padding: 0.2em;

    margin: 0.2em;

    box-shadow: 2px 1.5px 1px lightgrey, 0 0 0px 1px lightgrey;

}

table td p {

  margin: 0px;

}

#### ****Special Containment Procedures:****

---

Surveillance cameras are to be positioned in the canal dock under the Great Northern Warehouse. These cameras are to cover the entrance to SCP-8238 and the two dried waterways leading into the dock. Guards posing as security for the Warehouse are to be alerted of any intrusions into the canal in order to escort trespassing civilians off the premises.

All entrances to the underground section of the Manchester and Salford Junction Canal within twenty meters of the dock are to be closed off by construction hoarding. Posters are to be placed on the hoarding citing issues with brickwork instability and water damage.

SCP-8238 is to be internally guarded at all times by on-site security. Unauthorized attempts to access SCP-8238 are to result in immediate incapacitation of the subject and application of Class B amnestics.

#### ****Description****

---

SCP-8238 is a disused Prometheus Labs facility located twelve meters beneath the Great Northern Warehouse in Manchester, England. Prior to Foundation involvement, the only entrance to SCP-8238 was via the abandoned Manchester and Salford Junction Canal passing below the building.

SCP-8238's interior consists of a single main hallway stretching the length of the facility and terminating in a large open chamber. Several rooms branch off from this hallway; various medical instruments and technological equipment within having been abandoned during use. Most of the connecting doors are wedged shut through unknown means, though small windows provide a view of the interiors. An attempt has been made to turn the hallway completely cylindrical, a majority of the sharp edges having been rounded out by discoloured plaster, with a similar effort appearing to have been expended on all the connected rooms. SCP-8238's flooring is a bleached blue linoleum, with the accessible areas being streaked with stains from the presence of loose plaster and a thin film of murky water.

SCP-8238-1 is the collective designation for a series of perfectly preserved corpses found within SCP-8238. All eighteen instances of SCP-8238-1 have been cleanly decapitated and emptied of numerous bodily substancesPrimarily blood, saliva, stomach acid and bone marrow.. Each of these instances has a mutilated head placed in their hands, positioned close to the chest. Sensors integrated into MTF equipment detected a high tachyonParticles present on entities or objects following faster-than-light travel. Travel at this speed typically involves time travel. concentration localized to these heads during preliminary exploration. The bodies are also partially covered by an unknown blue residue, currently believed to be non-hazardous.

All eighteen SCP-8238-1 instances bear a clear lanyard around their remaining neck with an employee card within. Most of these cards are unintelligible due to water damage; however, some names remain visible. RAISA investigation into the names reveals employee records for a Prometheus Labs Outpost Site-55. Twenty-four total names have been discovered on this record.

SCP-8238-2 is a shifting black aperture inset into the far wall of SCP-8238's furthest chamber. Simple probes show that SCP-8238-2 leads to a large, dark, extradimensional space with an extremely low local Hume Level. A heavily corroded metal rail attached to the ceiling leads into this opening from the room's center. A damaged dual-occupant submersible hangs crookedly from the rail, the name "MKII DeLorean" etched into the hull. Exploration of SCP-8238 is currently on hiatus until a suitable Foundation-created exploration craft can be transferred to Site-32.

#### ****Addendum 1: Investigation Report****

---

Following the creation of an alternate entrance into SCP-8238, MTF Tau-51 was able to gain entrance to the remaining rooms. These rooms don't appear to have been forcefully closed, instead having been warped by water over a sustained period of exposure. Five further SCP-8238-1 instances have been discovered within, accounting for twenty-three employees total.

The following details have been deemed notable for further investigation.

Area

Notable Detail Description

Central Chamber

The back of the submersible contains a working reality stabilization deviceReverse engineering efforts are underway.. Additionally, an extremely thick rope connects to the rear of the craft. The remainder of this rope is coiled around a cable reel on the far left side of the chamber, the end of which terminates in a wall-mounted telephone.

A corkboard hangs beside the telephone on the wall, encased in transparent acrylic. A series of notes, events, and memos nebulously dotted across the surface. A crack in the casing's top has left the cork spongy and damp, streaks of ink marring the attached paper. An A3 sheet of paper is pinned to the far right, isolated from the other clutter, its title reading "GRANT REQUEST FOR INVESTIGATING THE FEASIBILITY OF ESOTERIC TIMELINE PROGRESSION VIA EXTERNAL VEHICULAR TRAVEL".

Probes sent into SCP-8238 appear to exit into a near-zero gravitational space with Kant counters giving a reading of 0.37 Humes. Integrated probe sensors also detected strong Akiva radiation, though attempting to navigate to the source of this radiation causes the probe to cease function, despite the low hume level.

Probes sent into SCP-8238-2 visually exit into the extradimensional space from a large black wall stretching infinitely in all directions. Upon returning through the wall, probes initially exited moments after entering, regardless of the time spent within SCP-8238-2. Additional probes sent into this space that traversed horizontally down the wall, re-entering the wall at a different point, were found to have varied expedition duration and footage speed. Probes travelling vertically were unable to re-enter baseline reality at their new elevation.

A clipboard is attached to the far right wall, behind a large desk and filing cabinets. This clipboard notes the expedition number, date, personnel, and observations in a series of rows. There is a significant time gap between the first and second entries, whilst the rest are all within a week. Twenty-four unique names have been recorded.

Lab 006

A similar stabilization device as seen in the central chamber is located in the corner, slightly inset due to the curved corners. A series of workbenches have been pushed together in the middle of the room. Pieces of equipment have been swept off their surfaces and onto the floor. On the center of these tables is a dissected SCP-8238-1 instance, having been surgically bisected from left collar bone to pelvis. This entity shows a previously unnoticed cylindrical hole parallel to the spine, reaching just past the heart from the exposed cut at the neck. Examination of all other instances also showed this abnormality.

Site Storage

The back half of the storage room contains general office suppliesPaper, pens, clipboards, ring binder files, and multiple IBM Thinkpads making up the majority., two more stabilization devices, and various minor anomalous objects organized neatly on metal shelves. A substantial portion of this section is concealed behind an unknown quantity of unevenly stacked bags. Investigation of the bags reveals a mix of Portland Cement, sand, and gypsum plaster. Much of the floor is obscured by a mixed powder, the surface intermittently marred by small parallel streaks. Numerous empty bags lay ripped in the front left corner, piled up in a haphazard heap. A small concrete mixer is positioned next to a janitorial sink and drain in the remaining front corner; a large lump of cement plaster is solidified in the mixer.

#### ****Addendum 2: Incident SCP-8238-1****

---

Prior to the transfer of a suitable exploration vessel, a Special Task Force was sent into SCP-8238 to extract any remaining data from the hard drives of the computers within. STF Phi-10, consisting of two members of the Site-32 IT department, two members of the Temporal Anomalies Department's Chronology Division and a junior RAISA clerk, was sent to document any significant irregularities found on the drives.  

= **AUDIOVISUAL LOG**

---

**DATE:** 12/04/20██

**NOTE:** The following is a list of personnel sent into SCP-8238:

* Timur Almaty - IT Department Senior Technician

* James Kelly - IT Department Technician

* Kiran Khan - RAISA Junior Clerk

* Charlotte Pearce - TAD, Chronology Division Researcher

* Adam Bray - TAD, Chronology Division Researcher

---

[BEGIN LOG 1]

*STF Phi-10 ("Recovery Drive") descend into SCP-8238 down a spiral metal staircase, exiting next to the path into SCP-8238 that leads down from the Great Northern Warehouse's underground canal dock. Kelly pushes open the nonfunctioning sliding doors into SCP-8238, recoiling slightly upon doing so. The whole group then proceeds into the structure.*

**Kelly:** Hey Command, did the MTF guys say anything about feeling nauseous when in here?

**Command:** Not that I remember, I'll get someone here to check with them. Could just be what remains of the stagnant water smell, that's always pretty bad after a flood.

**Dr Pearce:** My house has flooded before, it didn't feel or smell like this.

**Khan:** Something here just feels wrong, foul somehow. Not sure how to explain it.

*Khan pauses next to a flat-top cart. Touching the metal apparatus on top, a series of cogs moving a small metal rod, her hand comes away slightly damp. Smelling it, she tilts her head slightly, before wiping a hand on her shirt.*

**Kelly:** Foul, yeah. That word's weirdly apt.

**Almaty:** Are we looking for anything in particular in here? I read the brief but it wasn't very specific.

**Command:** Anything to do with the Portal would be great, though—

*A soft hissing noise starts, slowly increasing in volume, the camera carried by Akhtar slightly darkening at the edges.*

**Khan:** Is... anyone else hearing that noise?

*The camera turns around to face Khan. Behind her the body of Bray lies flat on the ground, coated in a light blue slime. His head is cleanly severed and placed on his chest, the face mauled and near-unrecognisable. Beside him, Pearce is writhing mid-air, her neck caught in a black void of shifting sharp edges.*

**Almaty:** құдайым-ай!

*The black smoke cradles Pearce's head, a thin line slicing through the neck with ease as her body goes limp. A single barb extends from the top of the entity, around one meter in length, dark matter coalescing around the razor-thin oily line. The entity slowly pushes this appendage fully into the stump of Pearce's neck.*

**Kelly:** Command...?

*Pearce's body begins to warp and stretch, shifting between simple geometry and esoteric shapes. As Akhtar retreats the camera's vision is briefly blocked by their lab coat. After the lab coat shifts, the body of Pearce lies still on the floor, in the same situation as Bray. The tip of the black shape rapidly rotates in midair before it darts towards a remaining corner in the hallway where the curved plaster had broken away from the wall.*

**Command:** Just get somewhere fully enclosed. We'll send over an MTF as soon as we can.

**Kelly:** What the fuck was that thing?

**Command:** Unknown. None of the MTF sent here previously reported anything like this.

*The camera stops backing down the corridor, pausing next to the Lab 002 door. Sounds of footsteps can be heard within, assumed to be from Khan and Kelly.*

**Khan:** Akhtar, you okay?

**Almaty:** I think we're fine. The entity either couldn't sense us... or didn't find us relevant. Something about Bray and Pearce clearly pissed it off.

**Kelly:** How sure of this hypothesis are you, I'm in no hurry to join those two on the other side.

*The camera slowly tilts as Almaty leans against the wall. Straightening up slightly, he gestures towards the bodies of Bray and Pierce. An inky pool beside the bodies slowly shrinks, retreating into the sharp plaster-less corner of the corridor.*

**Almaty:** Remember the brief? The whole corner shit on the wall? If those things wanted us dead, we'd be dead. Not sure why it killed the Chronology guys though.

**Command:** Stay put in an enclosed room just in case. The MTF will be here soon. Try to get anything you can from the drives, maybe that'll give a hint.

**Khan:** Sure thing, I'm also in no hurry to piss off the shadow monsters.

*As the camera turns away from the bodies, a MK II XACTSA portable device used to temporally stabilize an area, dampening any sudden shifts. Uses tachyon concentration in an area to determine stability. can be seen near the retreating black sludge, the device is mangled and smoking, sporting similar gashes and warping as the nearby decapitated heads. A thin black spike emerges from the void, stabbing through the device without resistance. The XACTS collapses in on itself, falling into sharp metal pieces. A bright blue central coil flickers briefly before its light completely dies, the black tendril retracting back into the shadow. The camera then passes the doorframe, blocking view of what happens after.*

[END LOG 1]

The entity recorded within this log has been designated SCP-8238-Ω. Investigation into SCP-8238-Ω and its relation to the other SCP-8238 sub-designations is pending, though exploration of SCP-8238-2 is currently paused due to the unexpected risk level elevation. Any queries or information regarding this inquiry is to be directed to Dr Mallory Close of the Applied Sciences DivisionA branch of the Temporal Anomalies Department.. If Dr Close is indisposed, information is to be directly sent to the Temporal Anomalies Department.

#### ****Addendum 3: Expedition SCP-8238-5****

---

Immediately after Incident 8238-1, MTF Mu-13 (“Ghostbusters”) was sent into SCP-8238 to extract STF Phi-10 and attempt containment of the recorded entity. MTF Mu-13 were unable to discern the current location or an origin totem of the entity, suggesting that the entity was not phantasmic in origin. During these investigations, an additional door in the large chamber was uncovered, concealed by a series of flooded filing cabinets and broken desks. Their findings within this room have been added below.

Area

Description

Office 002

Unlike the other rooms, this one appeared to have been forcefully shut from the inside prior to the water damage. A wooden chair has been shoved under the door handle, its edges crudely chiselled away. The inside of the door shows several gashes and marks of blunt force trauma. A distinctive brown plaster haphazardly coats the room's corners, the rough material at odds with the stark white walls.  

 

Numerous objects in the room show the presence of bite marks. A rounded flower pot sits by the door, notably missing the fern noticed in other rooms. The remains of multiple pieces of furniture sit in a pile, having been coated in plaster. On the wall beside the furniture, several phrases have been carved into the wall: "Dark in the Corners", "Here in the walls" and "Safe within the curves." The rest of the writing is unintelligible.

 

On the far side of the room is a pile of torn upholstery, cushions, and a lab coat. This material is piled upon a nearly skeletonized corpse sitting slumped against the back wall; a long, damaged piece of wood is clutched against its chest.

<< [SCP-8228](SCP-8228) | SCP-8238 | [SCP-8248](SCP-8248) >>

=====

> **Filename:** PromLabFacility.png

> **Name:** Abandoned tunnel

> **Author:** generalising

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/526eb56e-7329-465c-9c91-b64a82fb7168?q=abandoned+tunnel&p=2

=====
