=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8965

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the uncontainable nature of the anomaly, disinformation efforts are to be carried out to mask all SCP-8965 related deaths as coincidence or as a result of pre-existing health conditions.

**Description:** SCP-8965 is an anomalous spam call. SCP-8965 events typically occur with individualsHereby referred to as SCP-8965-1. with pre-existing health conditions ranging from cancer, stroke, or chronic issues.

SCP-8965 events occur during periods when SCP-8965-1 instances are recovering. Deaths occur from anomalously induced heart failure regardless of relation to previous conditions.

SCP-8965's caller ID typically belongs to individuals closest to SCP-8965-1. SCP-8965 events are unable to be disconnected remotely, and SCP-8965-1 instances are unable to react to outside stimuli during SCP-8965 events which makes it impossible to prevent or prematurely cease a SCP-8965 event.

Attempts have been made to source the origin of SCP-8965 via tracing the calls; all attempts have led to multiple unrelated mortuaries. Questioning of employees and investigation of phone records have resulted in zero findings.

**Addendum:** As an attempt to understand SCP-8965, a list of Foundation personnel with a potential to be subject to a SCP-8965 event was compiled. All phone records of these personnel are to be monitored and checked for correlating signs to previous SCP-8965 events. Containment protocols have not been updated to include this as to maintain morale of individuals monitored.

Detailed below is the transcript of a SCP-8965 event involving Researcher Maslov, who was previously diagnosed with lung cancer prior to employment.

> **Researcher Maslov:** Hey, you don't normally call me during school. Is everything ok-

> 

> **SCP-8965:** (SCP-8965’s voice is robotic and monotone.) We're calling you to ask you to rest. We worry that it may return. We don't want your family to worry.

> 

> **Researcher Maslov:** Oh no. Please don't tell me — this wasn't meant to happen to me. I'm not ready to go… please don’t make me go. Why'd you have to use his name.

> 

> **SCP-8965:** It was such a tiring and frighting time for you. We don't want that for you again. Please just let us help you. Let us free your family, and friends of their worries for you, and your condition. Let us assure them that you're in a better place.

> 

> **Researcher Maslov:** But they said I was fine; that the treatment worked. That I'd get to see him grow up. He’s still a kid, a-and he needs me.

> 

> **SCP-8965:** Come lay down with us.  Your lungs will feel so clear when you lay down.

> 

> **Researcher Maslov:** I don't want to die yet. I still have things I want to do. I haven't made a name for myself. Please just give me a few more years… just give me a few more years to live, please. Let me see him to a point where he can move on easy.

> 

> **SCP-8965:** Let us soothe your pain. Let us bring you mercy. Let us save the heartbreak.

> 

> **Researcher Maslov:** I don't even feel any pain when I cough. (Researcher Maslov attempts to fake a cough.) I don't need m-mercy. I feel fine.

> 

> **SCP-8965:** We just worry. All we do is worry. Just let go Maslov, let go.

> 

> **Researcher Maslov:** I don't want to let go. Please don't make me let go. Make someone else let go. I was going to be ok d-dammit. Please don’t tell me that was wrong. Please don’t tell me all that work was for nothing.

> 

> **SCP-8965:** We worry it will return, Maslov. Don't let him see you suffer.

> 

> **Researcher Maslov:** ...Wi-will this my family be ok? Are you sure that he'll be fine without me?

> 

> **SCP-8965:** We will take care of them. We will make sure they always remember you. That they will never forget you. Let us make you feel alive again.

> 

> **Researcher Maslov:** (Researcher Maslov drops his phone and is heard falling to the ground. He is heard attempting to speak, but is unable to be properly transcribed due to violently coughing as he attempts to speaks. After 30 seconds, Researcher Maslov ceases all activity.)

> 

> [CALL DISCONNECTED]

<< [SCP-8964](SCP-8964) | SCP-8965 | [SCP-8966](SCP-8966) >>
