=====

=====

#page-content .quadrants > div {top: 2.25%;left: 18.5%;}

#extra-div-1 {background:rgb(33, 30, 32);box-shadow: 0px 0px 8px 4px rgb(0, 0, 0);}

div.main-class::before, div.main-class::after, div.top-icon::before,div.top-icon::after  {-webkit-filter: brightness(125%); filter: brightness(125%); }

#page-content .wiki-content-table tr td {text-align:center;}

#page-content .wiki-content-table tr:first-child th {background-color:rgb(208, 208, 208); color:rgb(51,51,45);font-weight:700 !important;padding-bottom:3px !important; padding-top:3px; text-align:center;}

#page-content .wiki-content-table tr th {background-color:rgb(35, 35, 35);color:#F0F6F0;font-weight:400;font-style:none !important;border: 1px solid #ccc; padding-bottom:20px; padding-top:10px; text-align:left;}

.anom-bar-container.safe .text-part .main-class, .anom-bar-container.dark .text-part .disrupt-class, .anom-bar-container.notice .text-part .risk-class {

}

body {

background-color:rgb(35, 35, 35);

color:#F0F6F0;

    background-attachment: fixed;

    background-size: cover;

}

body:before {

  content: ' ';

  position: fixed;

  display: block;

  left: 0;

  top: 0;

  width: 100%;

  height: 100%;

  background-image: linear-gradient(170deg, transparent, rgb(0, 0, 0) 65%, rgb(0, 0, 0) 65%, rgb(0, 0, 0) 100%);

  z-index: -1;

  color:#b9b9b9;

}

.authorbox, .authorcontent {background: #222323;color:#F0F6F0; width:300px !important;}

.authorlink-wrapper {margin-top: var(--author-top-adjust, .2em) !important; z-index:10 !important; }

#page-content .authorbox {width:auto !important;}

.tableb .wiki-content-table {border-spacing: 3px;font-size:0.82em;}

:root {

~~header-logo:url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/classifications-guides-and-icons-by-billith/aad3.png);

--header-title:"FOUNDATION";

--header-subtitle:"ASTROPHYSICAL ANOMALIES DEPT.";

--barColor:35, 35, 35 !important;

--five-color: 185,185,185 !important;

--one-color:35,35,35 !important;

--swatch-menubg-black-color: 61,61,61 !important;

--swatch-background:185,185,185 !important;

--link-color:51,184,200;

}

.footnotes-footer .footnote-footer { text-indent: -6px !important; }

div.poppin{

box-shadow: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.4) 0px 2px 4px, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.3) 0px 7px 13px -3px, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2) 0px -3px 0px inset !important;

border-radius: 2px !important;

}

.breaklinker a {color: #ffffff !important;

               }

.blockquote {border-color: #ffffff;    

                 background-color: #000000;

     }

.container  {position: relative;

                 text-align: center;

                 color: black;

     width:100%;

     }

.centered   {position: absolute;

    top: 50%;

     left: 50%;

    transform: translate(-50%, -50%);

}

.bigtext {

font-weight:700;

}

.image-block, .scp-image-block {

border-bottom: none !important;

}

.scp-image-block.block-center img {

height:300px;

}

.danger-diamond > .bottom-icon::before {

filter: contrast(0.5) !important;

}

.bar-one {

border-radius: 2px !important;

}

written by 

check out the rest of the Astrophysical Anomalies Department's discoveries:

| [SCP-6793](SCP-6793) | [SCP-7396](SCP-7396) |
| --- | --- |
 and other space stuff by me:

| [SCP-8882](SCP-8882) | [SCP-8419](SCP-8419) |
| --- | --- |

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:customizable-acs">:scp-wiki:component:customizable-acs</a>

|clearance-one-image=https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-8878/clip.png

|inc-clearance-image= --]

|item-number= 8878

|clearance=1

|container-class= cernunnos 

|containment-image= https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/component%3Aanomaly-class-bar/cernunnos-icon.svg

|containment-color= 35, 35, 35

|inc-esoteric-layout = --]

|disruption-class= dark

|disruption-image= https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/component:anomaly-class-bar/dark-icon.svg

|disruption-color= 185, 185, 185

|inc-disruption= --]

|risk-class= notice

|risk-image= https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/component%3Aanomaly-class-bar/notice-icon.svg

|risk-color= 35, 35, 35

|inc-risk= --]

|secondary-class= thaumiel

|secondary-icon= https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/component%3Aanomaly-class-bar/thaumiel-icon.svg

|secondary-color= 35, 35, 35

|risk-text= RISK LEVEL:

|item-text= ITEM#

|level-text= LEVEL: 

|clearance-number-text= IV

|clearance-text= SECRET

|containment-text= CONTAINMENT TYPE:

|secondary-text= SECONDARY CLASS:

|disruption-text= DISRUPTION LEVEL:

|inc-custom-text= --]]]

@@ @@

@@ @@

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES: SCP-8878 exists within N-00-DX32, a three-dimensional interspatial domain inaccessible by conventional means. This space is detectable through anomalous fluctuations in cosmological constants at the boundaries of universes, which can only be observed and measured near intersidereal defects in spacetime topology. N-00-DX-32 is theoretically accessible through all topological defects that lead between domain walls, however, specially-designed [Casimirium](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/billiths-proposal) probes are necessary to traverse these rifts successfully. Though direct containment is impossible, proposed concealment strategies have shown to be physically possible but highly impractical; therefore, containment efforts focus on information suppression, probe research, and analysis of the anomaly and recovered materia, if applicable.

The Astrophysical Anomalies Department's RCS YGGDRASIL, located near topological defect XR-08, is to maintain passive observation of N-00-DX32, scanning for anomalous energy signatures and cataloging debris extruded by SCP-8878-A, if possible. General findings of this nature should be reported to Site-77’s Office of Extraplanar and Astroarchaeological Studies. 

Efforts to establish direct communication with SCP-8878-B are prohibited under Ethics Committee Non-Interaction Directive EC-1127. However, any significant changes in activity should be immediately reported to the Emergent Threat Tactical Response Authority (ETTRA).

Following the events of INCIDENT 8878/01, probe surveillance efforts are limited to periods of reduced activity from SCP-8878-A.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

DESCRIPTION: SCP-8878 is the designation for the anomalous nature of N-00-DX32, the central locus of which is a spacetime fold resembling a supermassive white hole, located at its approximate center (SCP-8878-A). SCP-8878-A has been observed to function similarly to predicted models of white holes, expelling vast quantities of energy and matter into the surrounding space. Due to dense gasses and particulate matter in the space surrounding SCP-8878-A, a continuous low-frequency hum can be heard, along with a variety of unknown sounds without pattern or cause, originating from beyond the event horizon.

@@ @@

Though N-00-DX32 appears devoid of life and many of the expected cosmological features, it contains a significant quantity of debris, nearly all of which are artifacts and detritus of human origin. These items present in variable condition, spanning a wide range of technological and cultural epochs, including those unfamiliar to our history and current time period.

@@ @@

Many of these artifacts provide extremely valuable insight into the nature of human civilization. Monolithic ruins, partially-intact megastructures, derelict vessels, unknown technologies, exotic materials, historical records, and personal effects comprise only a portion of the objects observed by RCS YGGDRASIL's survey probes. Though this suggests a diverse history of human activity, no coherent timeline of events has been reconstructed. This is further complicated by limited points of contact with N-00-DX32; previously-used entry points have slowly disappeared over time, though the exact mechanics behind this phenomenon remain unknown. Some speculation exists that defects are being repaired or otherwise removed from reality to deter investigative efforts, though this has not been confirmed.

@@ @@

Some notable observations include:

* A child's drawing on crumpled paper, portraying a number of stick figures, labelled in an unknown script and holding hands under a red sun. All but one figure has been scribbled over with red coloring.

* A stone triptych of a terrestrial landscape progressively overtaken by crystalline growths. 

* An intact satellite identical to the decommissioned Voyager 3 probe, with "AD ASTRA SED CORPORA NOSTRA RELIQUIT" etched into the fuselage.

* A burnt tapestry depicting human figures carrying a yellow, radiant sphere and placing it into a dark spiral.

* A large, ornate hourglass, its contents now jagged clumps fused into a single mass.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

ADDENDUM 8878/01: DISCOVERY

@@ @@

SCP-8878 was discovered in 2045 during investigations into XR-08, conducted by the YGGDRASIL probe array. Preliminary readings identified N-00-DX32 as a cosmological outlier, possessing extremely low entropy and an unusually-luminous domain wall, which was later determined to be responsible for the characteristically bright appearance of topological defects. Subsequent deep-range scans detected several entry points into N-00-DX32, leading to the discovery of SCP-8878-A. 

SCP-8878-B was not discovered until the events of INCIDENT 8878/01.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

INCIDENT 8878/01: ENCOUNTER REPORT

@@ @@

{{*Preface: On 2047-03-16, RCS YGGDRASIL deployed an unmanned probe containing an artificially-intelligent conscript, Phoebe.aic, to conduct a closer examination of SCP-8878-A. Initial telemetry was successful, providing unprecedented visual and spectrometric data, despite the heavy tidal forces emitted by the spacetime fold preventing further approach. At approximately 03:07 UTC, however, anomalous movement within the vicinity of SCP-8878-A was detected, leading to the first confirmed contact with SCP-8878-B.*}}

---

@@ @@

**03:05:11 UTC** 

---

{{Phoebe.aic reaches a distance of 0.02 ly from SCP-8878-A. Visual feeds show the event horizon as a shimmering maelstrom of light and particulate matter, spiraling from the center of the object. Irregular shadows cast themselves along SCP-8878-A's reverse accretion disk as the probe continues to take readings.}}

**03:06:47 UTC** 

---

{{An unidentified entity emerges from SCP-8878-A, first appearing as a dark, amorphous silhouette against the radiant expulsion. SCP-8878-B swiftly extends a number of long, flexible appendages in the direction of Phoebe.aic, the probe initiating emergency escape maneuvers towards the direction of the incursion point. Initial size estimates place SCP-8878-B at several hundred kilometers in diameter, though research staff quickly discard these measurements as the entity expands outward in all directions, obscuring the probe's view of SCP-8878-A. Ten limbs can be counted in total. Entity appears to be comprised of a dense, semi-transparent material that interacts with light in an anomalous manner, effectively "pushing" it aside as the entity moves. Vertebrae-like structural components are visible through its exterior.}}

**03:07:06 UTC** 

---

{{SCP-8878-B seizes Phoebe.aic. Visual feed disrupts as the appendages envelop the probe. Telemetry reveals significant electromagnetic interference.}}

**03:07:38 UTC** 

---

{{Phoebe.aic emits a distress signal and appends its session data as the probe's structural integrity is compromised. RCS YGGDRASIL notes an outfluxing of anomalous energy surges originating from SCP-8878-A, coinciding with SCP-8878-B retracting into the event horizon.}}

**03:08:02 UTC** 

---

{{Final telemetry indicates that Phoebe.aic was likely pulled with significant speed towards SCP-8878-A, subsequently obliterating from extreme tidal forces.}}

---

@@ @@

{{*Closing Remarks: The exact role SCP-8878-B plays in this anomalous system remains unknown, however, these actions represent a clear awareness of our incursion into N-00-DX32. Increased caution must be utilized for all future investigations.*}}

*{{Additionally, audio captured during the event can be found appended below:}}*

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= {{END OF FILE}}

@@ @@

]

<< [SCP-8877](SCP-8877) | SCP-8878 | [SCP-8879](SCP-8879) >>

> Filename: abcd, defect, aad3, opening, grabber, until.mp3

> Author:  

> License: CC BY-SA 3.0

> Filename: hole

> Name: File:White hole artistic recreation-bpk.jpg

> Author:	Baperookamo

> License: cc-by-sa 4.0

> Link: https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=94059149

> Additional Notes: remixed by
