=====

=====

.chat {float: center; border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px auto; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8970 is to be kept on Researcher Sato's person. Site-█ personnel may ask Sato to hold SCP-8970 temporarily for therapeutic and self-help purposes.

**Description:** SCP-8970 is Researcher Sunny Sato's personal Mark XIX Desert Eagle handgun. When held, SCP-8970 exerts a calming effect on the wielder, producing sensations of clarity and decisiveness. This effect only occurs when the weapon is loaded and the safety is turned off. 

Researcher Sato has conducted multiple tests with SCP-8970 and it has consistently produced its calming effect on whomever wields it under the required conditions. SCP-8970 also appears to have a subliminal effect causing increased compliance in humans when it is pointed at them. Further research into this is ongoing.

**Test Log:** Though the following log was not an intentional test of SCP-8970's effects, it has proven relevant and useful for verifying them.

*Researcher Sato walks into a break room carrying a plastic container. Junior Researcher Avery Harrell is inside, using the microwave.*

**Sato:** Hi, Avery.

**Harrell:** Hey, Sun--

**Sato:** Oh, are you using the microwave?

**Harrell:** ...Yeah, just heating my lunch up.

**Sato:** Damn... uh, is the air fryer still in here?

**Harrell:** Nah, we had to throw it out. I heard Carrie burnt something in there and it messed up the whole thing.

*Sato rubs her temple.*

**Sato:** Great. That's just... great. I'm so fuckin' hungry...

**Harrell:** Oh, sorry about that. I've still got like, five minutes left for my pasta. Maybe you can use the one downstairs?

**Sato:** You'll never guess where I just came from.

**Harrell:** Ah. Sucks. Sorry, then.

*Harrell looks back towards the microwave. Sato withdraws SCP-8970 from her pocket and stares at it.*

**Sato:** (murmuring) It's fine... it's all good... I can wait... it'll be fine...

*Harrell turns back to Sato and recoils.*

**Harrell:** Woah, Sunny, my bad man! Just... chill out!

**Sato:** Huh?

*Harrell hastily withdraws his meal from the microwave.*

**Harrell:** You can use it! Don't shoot!

**Sato:** Really? Thanks, Avery!

*Sato puts SCP-8970 in her pocket and walks over to the microwave, placing her container inside.*

**Sato:** Much appreciated!

*Harrell runs out of the break room.*

**Site-█ Group Communications Log**

---

**<Dr. A. Jacobs>:** ****@ssato**** Did you seriously point your gun at Junior Researcher Harrell today in the break room?

**<Dr. A. Jacobs>:** ****@ssato**** This is serious

**<Rsr. S. Sato>:** No

**<Dr. A. Jacobs>:** I have the footage of you doing so. Explain yourself.

**<Rsr. S. Sato>:** I didn't point it at him though

**<Dr. A. Jacobs>:** You still withdrew it to intimidate him over a damn microwave. Now explain yourself or I'm going to summarily demote you.

**<Rsr. S. Sato>:** I was using it to calm myself look at the file

**<Jr. Rsr. A. Harrell>:** ???

**<Jr. Rsr. A. Harrell>:** u were so mad u took out a fuckin deagle??

**<Rsr. S. Sato>:** It's not just a gun it's literally proven to calm people

**<Dr. A. Jacobs>:** Researcher Sato, how many tests have you done with your gun where you *weren't* the holder?

**<Rsr. S. Sato>:** 0 but so what

**<Dr. A. Jacobs>:** Who gave you authorization to put this in the database? Is that thing even anomalous?

**<Rsr. S. Sato>:** Yes it even did the secret subliminal effect on Avery. He gave me the microwave

**<Jr. Rsr. A. Harrell>:** U POINTED A GUN AT ME???

**<Rsr. S. Sato>:** I don't see what that has to do with it. And also I didn't point it at you

**<Dr. A. Jacobs>:** If it is truly anomalous (which I doubt), it shouldn't be on your person and you certainly should not be using its effects on junior researchers.

**<Rsr. S. Sato>:** Look I'll show you guys come to the break room in an hour

*Dr. Jacobs warily enters the break room and finds three personnel sitting at a table, including Researcher Sato, who is holding SCP-8970.*

**Sato:** There you are. Alright, sit down. We are gonna pass my Deagle around the table and PROVE that it is anomalous. Here, take it Carrie.

*Researcher Carolyn Campbell receives SCP-8970 from Sato and inspects it.*

**Campbell:** Is this thing loaded?

**Sato:** Duh. It only works when it is.

**Campbell:** Well, I'm not really feeling anything.

**Sato:** Oh, hold on...

*Sato reaches over to Campbell's hands and flicks SCP-8970's safety off.*

**Jacobs:** Researcher Sato, are you seriously carrying this thing around like that? How did you even get it in here?

**Campbell:** Wait, I'm feeling... at peace...

*The personnel look at Campbell expectantly.*

**Campbell:** Naw, I'm just kidding. Yeah, I don't know, maybe you just feel comfortable 'cause you're carrying a loaded gun around.

**Sato:** Pass it to Andy, he'll get it.

*Campbell passes SCP-8970 to Dr. Jacobs.*

**Jacobs:** It's Dr. Jacobs. And no, I'm not getting it. I feel nothing... Ooh, is this real leather on the grip?

**Sato:** Yup. Comfortable. Just like how it makes you feel.

**Jacobs:** Hardee-har-har. I'm not feeling anything. Other than reprehension.

**Sato:** Alright, Avery's turn then.

*Dr. Jacobs passes SCP-8970 to Junior Researcher Harrell.*

**Sato:** So, how do you feel?

**Harrell:** Huh... I... I think I'm feeling it! Like, clarity. I think I know what I have to do.

**Sato:** Yes, yes! Exactly. That’s the gun talking.

**Jacobs:** You know what else talks? Therapy. Regular, safe, *unarmed* therapy.

**Harrell:** No, like... I think I need to talk to Kayla. My ex. I've been thinking about her a lot lately, and now I just know I have to reach out.

*Harrell pulls out his cellphone and begins to type on it, still holding SCP-8970.*

**Sato:** There it is. That's the decisiveness, right there. Send the message.

**Harrell:** Should I really?

**Sato:** Hell yeah. Pull the trigger on that baby.

**Jacobs:** Okay, let's not phrase it like that while he's literally holding--

*Harrell forcefully thumbs the "send" button on his phone and accidentally discharges SCP-8970, hitting Sato in the shoulder. The other three personnel immediately freeze.*

**Harrell:** Oh my God, I'm so sorry! I didn't know there were bullets inside!

**Sato:** (clutching her shoulder) That's the POINT! It only works when there ARE!

**Campbell:** What do you think "loaded" means, man?

**Jacobs:** Campbell, go get medical. And maybe legal. And definitely security.

**Campbell:** Damn. Did you at least send the text, Avery?

**Harrell:** Uh... yeah. It says delivered. Junior Researcher Harrell has not received a message back. 

**Sato:** Then... it was worth it.

---

---

**Updated Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8970 should be kept in a standard storage unit in Site-█. Site-█ personnel are no longer allowed to ask Researcher Sato to hold SCP-8970. Researcher Sato is no longer allowed to carry SCP-8970, or any firearm, on her person.

<< [SCP-8969](SCP-8969) | SCP-8970 | [SCP-8971](SCP-8971) >>

> **Filename:** kikiyama.jpg

> **Name:** US Navy 090613-N-6639M-136 Boatswain's Mate Seaman Recruit Leslie Ramer fires a pistol during a live-fire exercise aboard the guided-missile destroyer USS James E. Williams (DDG 95)

> **Author:** Laura A. Moore

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:US_Navy_090613-N-6639M-136_Boatswain%27s_Mate_Seaman_Recruit_Leslie_Ramer_fires_a_pistol_during_a_live-fire_exercise_aboard_the_guided-missile_destroyer_USS_James_E._Williams_(DDG_95).jpg

> **Filename:** deagle.jpg

> **Name:** Desert-Eagle-p1030134.jpg

> **Author:** Rama

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0 

> **Source Link:** https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Desert-Eagle-p1030134.jpg
