**Item #:** SCP-8208

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8208 is to be held in a refrigerated locker within the Site-19 Biomatter Storage Unit. All cetaceans recovered from SCP-8208 during weekly monitoring are to be logged, submitted for genetic testing, and disposed of.

All resulting biological waste is to be donated in bulk to the Perfect Day for Bananafish® Seafood Cannery.

As the scope of SCP-8208’s anomaly remains uncertain, testing of recovered specimens is to continue until it can be confirmed that the size and structure of its containment chamber is sufficient.

**Description:** SCP-8208 is a group of six connected plastic rings, resembling those typically used in the packaging of aluminum cans. When left unattended for extended periods, SCP-8208 spontaneously produces a living specimen of the cetacean family Delphinidae. 

Specimens typically appear with the rings of SCP-8208 wrapped around their beaks, and perish after a period of 3 to 5 hours, usually as a result of dehydration. With the exception of their spontaneous generation, specimens appear to be non-anomalous. 

Although all cetaceans recovered from SCP-8208 to date have belonged to the family Delphinidae, it remains unclear whether SCP-8208 is capable of producing a wider variety of specimens. As larger cetaceans, such as whales or narwhals, would require more robust containment methods, thorough monitoring must continue until the scope of SCP-8208’s anomaly is clear.

**Research Notes:** The following table describes the most recent collection of specimens recovered from SCP-8208. For details of specimens recovered prior to 2007, please refer to Appendix B.

| Date Recovered | Species | Mass | Length |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 5 JAN 2007 | *Tursiops truncatus* | 302 kg | 3.13 m |
| 12 JAN 2007 | *Delphinus delphis* | 137 kg | 2.33 m |
| 19 JAN 2007 | *Lagenorhynchus obscurus* | 72 kg | 1.65 m |
| 26 JAN 2007 | *Sousa plumbea* | 154 kg | 2.12 m |
| 2 FEB 2007 | *Steno bredanensis* | 103 kg | 2.19 m |
| 9 FEB 2007 | *Stenella coeruleoalba* | 155 kg | 2.41 m |
| 16 FEB 2007 | *Sotalia guianensis* | 101 kg | 1.92 m |
| 23 FEB 2007 | *Delphinus delphis* | 145 kg | 2.52 m |
| 2 MAR 2007 | *Sotalia fluviatilis* | 158 kg | 1.55 m |
| 9 MAR 2007 | *Stenella clymene* | 77 kg | 1.88 m |
| 16 MAR 2007 | *Cephalorhynchus commersonii* | 32 kg | 1.44 m |
| 23 MAR 2007 | *Tursiops aduncus* | 212 kg | 2.46 m |
| 30 MAR 2007 | *Sousa teuszii* | 281 kg | 2.92 m |
| 6 APR 2007 | *Delphinus delphis* | 128 kg | 1.98 m |
| 13 APR 2007 | *Tursiops truncatus* | 288 kg | 2.89 m |
| 20 APR 2007 | *Lissodelphis borealis* | 98 kg | 2.93 m |
| 27 APR 2007 | *Stenella frontalis* | 131 kg | 2.21 m |
| 4 MAY 2007 | *Lagenodelphis hosei* | 215 kg | 2.77 m |
| 11 MAY 2007 | *Sousa chinensis* | 212 kg | 3.22 m |
| 18 MAY 2007 | *Sousa sahulensis* | 235 kg | 2.44 m |
| 15 MAY 2007 | *Tursiops truncatus* | 274 kg | 2.97 m |
| 1 JUN 2007 | *Cephalorhynchus hectori* | 59kg | 1.51 m |
| 8 JUN 2007 | *Stenella attenuata* | 144 kg | 2.56 m |
| 15 JUN 2007 | *Stenella longirostris* | 26 kg | 1.30 kg |
| 22 JUN 2007 | *Tursiops truncatus* | 283 kg | 2.88 m |
**Notice of Termination of Testing:** Effective 28 JUN 2007, testing of specimens recovered from SCP-8208 is to be suspended indefinitely. All cetaceans are to instead be immediately disposed of according to standard protocols. 

Based on analysis of the volume and variety of samples recovered so far, it appears that the size and structure of SCP-8208's containment chamber is sufficient. Given the consistent results of all findings up to this point, it is clear that continued testing will achieve no greater porpoise.

<< [SCP-8207](SCP-8207) | SCP-8208 | [SCP-8209](SCP-8209) >>
