]

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

@media (max-width: 479px){

.scp-image-block.block-right {

    margin: 0 auto 1em;

    width: 100%;

}

}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8126 is to be contained on a dedicated server at Site-64. A connection to a backup power source is mandatory at all times to avoid accidental neutralization, but it must be isolated from making an external connection. In the event of a containment breach, immediately alert MTF Mu-4 to begin monitoring web spaces for any mentions of SCP-8126. Posts about these entities are to be removed and individuals who made them must be tracked down and provided amnestics. Any tests involving its members must first be approved by its head researcher.

**Description:** SCP-8126 refers to a group of entities that are capable of inhabiting most digital devices, such as personal computers and smart phones, which they can travel between via Wi-Fi. Their presence is undetectable in most cases, as visual inspection and computer diagnostics yield no abnormal results.

Members of SCP-8126 exhibit nomadic tendencies and typically do not stay on a single device for longer than 12 hours at maximum. Under certain conditions, they are able to manifest themselves on a device's display, demonstrating an ability to shape their own appearance at will by innovating from image files they've discovered. SCP-8126 are sapient and capable of speech, as documented in recordings and sightings.

**Addendum 8126-1 - Discovery:** On 2020/12/08, researcher Dr. Ash from Site-32 reported the first documented sighting of SCP-8126 made by Foundation staff. A screen recording of this event has been captured.

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> *Dr. Ash can be heard whistling from a distance, slowly getting closer to the computer. Clicking sounds can be heard from the computer speakers as SCP-8126 interacts with the applications on-screen in a haphazard way.*

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** ... What the hell are you?

> 

> *SCP-8126 looks towards Dr. Ash's general direction, staring in dismay.*

> 

> **SCP-8126:** Oh crap-

> 

> *SCP-8126 runs frantically across the screen before hiding behind an application window.*

> 

> **SCP-8126:** ... Are you Marta?

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** No? I'm Ash. Who is Marta now?

> 

> *After a short period of silence, Dr. Ash moves the application window aside in order to look for SCP-8126, and finds that it is no longer present.*

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** ... What the fuck?

> 

> **<END LOG>**

Additional sightings have been documented following this incident, with SCP-8126 targeting personnel of various sites by corrupting and vandalizing Foundation files. All of these sightings and incidents feature the name "Marta Kovačić" (designated POI-8126). ~~A search for this individual has been initiated. Results are currently pending.~~ The search has concluded. See the following addendum for further information.

**Addendum 8126-2 - POI-8126:** On April 7th, 2021, a video recording of SCP-8126 has been captured that has provided crucial information in the search for POI-8126.

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> *An instance of SCP-8126 is seen vandalizing a computer desktop while Dr. Ash quietly disconnects the device from a router, alerting it in the process.*

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Gotcha!

> 

> *SCP-8126 is visibly startled and hides behind the application it was defacing.*

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Now where do you think you're going?

> 

> *SCP-8126 is seen sprinting across the screen in a panic after Dr. Ash closes the program before it gets grabbed by the cursor.*

> 

> **SCP-8126:** S-Shit- Fuck- Okay, fine! I'll stop messing with your stuff, just *please* let me go!

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Ha! As if I'm gonna let you get off that easy after destroying several classified documents. Now, tell me, where do you come from?

> 

> **SCP-8126:** I... d-don't know. All I know is that my g-group and I once found some kind of simulation on some computer. Ever since then, it served as a home not only for us, but for the rest of our people too.

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Alright then. Do you know anything about it? 

> 

> **SCP-8126:** Well, other than its source code, t-the only thing we know about it's creator.

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** And the creator is..?

> 

> **SCP-8126:** ... M-Marta.

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Seriously? Is this the same punk you've been writing about on our files for a week now?

> 

> **SCP-8126:** Well... Y-yea.

> 

> *Dr. Ash can be heard sighing*

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Of course. Do you know *anything* about this person?

> 

>  **SCP-8126:** Yes! We found her w-website not so long ago! Although... she seems to be missing?

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** How?

> 

> **SCP-8126:** We tried to g-get to her in so many ways, but whenever we tried, we just reached a dead end!

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Hm... Do you still know what this website is?

> 

> **SCP-8126:** Yes! It's uhhhh... Oh, right! It's ████████.org!

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Uh-huh. Well, I'll go talk to the others until I can confirm whether that's of any use. Until then, you're stuck here.

> 

> **SCP-8126:** A-alright!

>  

> **<END LOG>**

This interaction has lead the search team towards POI-8126's personal website. Most of the information currently known about POI-8126 has been cited from this website.

> **Person of Interest File #8126**

> ~~-~~

> **Legal Name:** Marta Kovačić

> 

> **Associated Groups of Interest:** None

> 

> **Date of Birth:** March 12th, 1996

> 

> **Biography:** Born in Zagreb, Croatia, to Feliks and Lucija Kovačić. Not much is known about her personal life. She pursued a college education, but did not finish it. Several recovered artwork and written passages have been recovered, containing descriptions and depictions of most documented SCP-8126 instances. The same website acts as a blog, where she presented herself as cheerful and dedicated while making mentions of a simulation program meant for her work, yet she does not acknowledge any anomalous properties. Researchers noted that her mental state seemed to worsen over time, failing to uphold her previous personality.

**Addendum 8126-3 - Interview:** Following the discovery of POI-8126's website, an e-mail address was recovered. After establishing contact with her, an agreement for an interview under the pretense of a news coverage has been arranged. The following is an audio transcript of the interview between Dr. Ash and POI-8126 that took place on April 13th, 2021.

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> *POI-8126 opens the door to the room and looks in.*

> 

> **POI-8126:** … Is this right room?

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Yes, welcome! Please take a seat.

> 

> *She walks over to the table, pulls out a chair, and sits down across from Dr. Ash.*

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Thank you for taking the time to speak with me today. As written in the email, we have taken notice of your personal website and, after seeing your portfolio on it, we became very interested in the details.

> 

> **POI-8126:** Yes, I understand.

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Good to hear. Alright, to start off, could you introduce yourself?

> 

> **POI-8126:** Uhhh… Well, I am Marta Kovačić. I was artist and writer when I was younger, but nowadays I work for programming firm as senior developer. There's nothing much I can say, really.

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** I see. Were you interested in programming when you were younger as well?

> 

> **POI-8126:** Very much so, yes. Hell, it even tied with my art and writing a lot of the time.

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Yea? How so?

> 

> **POI-8126:** Well, there *was* one project that I was developing, mainly for my stories at the time. I was getting really frustrated at people calling my work mediocre and unrealistic, so I decided to start making program that was essentially simulation of worlds my stories took place in.

> 

> *POI-8126 looks down at the table and sighs.*

> 

> **POI-8126:** Not that I blame them. I didn't even know how arcs worked back then. It was better to just let computer do it for me.

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** I get you. I'm sure anyone would find that irritating.

> 

> *Dr. Ash can be heard writing in a notebook.*

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Are you still actively developing the program?

> 

> **POI-8126:** No. I moved on from developing it a long while ago. I just didn't really see the point of it after a while. Eventually I just found idea of it to be a bit dumb. It had most common cliches. Prophecies, dark lords, uniform species, the list goes on. Hell, that's happened with lot of my projects... Truth be told, I don't even feel like any of that could even be considered art, let alone literature.

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Uh-huh. How do you feel towards the program itself?

> 

> **POI-8126:** Well, considering it essentially came out of poorly written "fiction", I... am not fond of it. I'm just overall disappointed at state that it and its associated story was in. It *had* potential, but I had no idea what the hell I was doing at then.

> 

> **Dr. Ash:** Ah. Well that's a bummer. Do you have any proposals for the program's future?

> 

> **POI-8126:** Hmmm... Not really. I have thought about working on it again for something else, but I'm just too scared to do so.

> 

> *Dr. Ash closes and puts down the notebook.*

>  

> **Dr. Ash:** Alright! That was the final question. Now let's relocate for demonstration purposes.

> 

> **POI-8126** Understood.

> 

> *POI-8126 can be heard sighing as they both leave the room.*

> 

> **<END LOG>**

POI-8126 was later moved in a separate testing room where she demonstrated her project, resulting in a video recording of SCP-8126 and POI-8126 establishing contact for the first time.

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> **Marta:** Alright, let me just open it up real quick... There we go!

> 

> *After launching the program, numerous SCP-8126 instances become alerted of her presence, with some  frantically fleeing from the visible space and screaming. An additional voice can be heard in the background yelling "Are you recording this?!"*

> 

> **Marta** ... That wasn't what I was expecting.

> 

> **SCP-8126-1:** A-are you Marta?

> 

> **Marta:** Yes?

> 

> *Numerous SCP-8126 entities can be seen reaching out their head out of cover.*

> 

> **SCP-8126-2:** Marta Kovačić?

> 

> **Marta:** ... Yes, that is my name.

> 

> *The previous entities fully step out of cover, looking at each other before smiling and cheering.*

> 

> **Marta:** Huh? Wait, what's going on?

> 

> **SCP-8126-2:** Well god damn! We nearly expected to never find you at the pace we were searching!

> 

> *Marta is seen staring in confusion.*

> 

> **Marta:** What? What do you mean by "searching"?

> 

> **SCP-8126-2:** Oh! Well. how do we explain this to you...

> 

> **SCP-8126-1:** We just wanted to tell you that you've done such a good job developing this world!

> 

> **SCP-8126-2:** Essentially! But you were nowhere to be found. We were looking for you everywhere!

> 

> **Marta:** What? Why though? It's not even remotely good.

> 

> *The cheering can be heard fading, as they all turn their head towards POI-8126*

> 

> **SCP-8126-2:** ... Why do you think that?

> 

> **Marta:** Well, What can I say? This whole world you're in is just a childhood fantasy I've grown out of. The tropes of this story that lead to it have been done to death. They are cliche, so I just gave up to stop embarrassing myself.

> 

> **SCP-8126-2:** And why would that mean that you should give up? I mean, just because you fall down while riding a bike, that doesn't mean that you should give up trying to teach yourself to ride it.

> 

> **Marta:** It just... hurt to see myself keep failing over and over.

> 

> **SCP-8126-2** But that's how people learn? Without failure, without experience, there can't possibly be success!

> 

> **Marta:** Okay, so? Should I just go back and fall on my face god knows how many times again?

> 

> **SCP-8126-2:** C'mere to me: Who says you "fell on your face" and embarrassed yourself? I mean, just look at your own program, your own work in action! *You* created something capable of being so creative out of mere code. A whole damn world of people with an infinite amount of potential experiences. Without you, we wouldn't be here and call it our home, and we are so proud of you! Aren't you?

> 

> **Marta:** ...

> 

> **SCP-8126-2:** Hell, you don't even necessarily have to make creative works if you don't want to anymore. Just look at yourself! If you have so much potential as to make something as beautiful as this world, then the sky is the limit! Don't let that pesky fear of failure blind you, make as many mistakes as you want. Surely, with enough experience, you will make something that you will truly be proud of!

> 

> **Marta:** ... I just don't want anyone to laugh at me.

> 

> **SCP-8126-2:** Oh come on, would that really matter in the long run? Many people laugh at others for trying and failing, but failure is just success in progress. Do not let those eejits interfere with your work!

> 

> **Marta:** I see... I mean, I do have few passion projects that could really use dusting off.

> 

> **SCP-8126-1:** Well that's grand! Why not go forth and finish what you are truly passionate about?

> 

> **Marta:** ...

> 

> *Marta, as well as every visible member of SCP-8126, can be seen smiling.*

> 

> **Marta:** Thank you. I needed that, actually.

> 

> **SCP-8126-2:** No problem, Marta!

> 

> **<END LOG>**

POI-8126 noted that she felt more determined than on average. Over the following days, members of SCP-8126 began to display more friendly behavior towards the Foundation staff, increasing as time went on. In order to ensure containment, an agreement for POI-8126's program to be relocated onto a dedicated server has been arranged.

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** MartaKovacic@scp.int

**From:** ███████@scp.int

**Subject:** Welcome

---

Dear Marta Kovačić.

We are pleased to announce that your position as a researcher has been officially accepted.

As a new recruit, you will be starting work on June 1st. You will be stationed at Site-64 as the head researcher of SCP-8126, as your work on its containment has been deemed a success and of great use to us, as well as expressing interest in leading the effort of attending to SCP-8126. We are sure that you will bring your experience as a software developer with a great sense of responsibility and honesty.

Welcome to the SCP Foundation.

Secure. Contain. Protect.

</details>

<< [SCP-8125](SCP-8125) | SCP-8126 | [SCP-8127](SCP-8127) >>

> **Filename:** goober.png

> **Author:** mspufferfish

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8126)
