**SCP-8827:** Clock Out, Please

**Author:** 

Thanks for checking this out >^<

[More by me!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/hyacinths-beanbag-corner#side-bar)

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

]

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:**

Due to the current limitations regarding knowledge of SCP-8827, containment measures focus on mitigating damage and upholding the Veil via integration of anomalous effects into consensus reality. 

    Site-88 is to coordinate a mass media project regarding SCP-8827. The Foundation front company AccuWeather should improve the gathering and dissemination of inclement weather data from the Gulf of Mexico. Reporting on increases in SCP-8827-2 instances must be attributed to anthropocentric climate change. News stories regarding SCP-8827-1 instances should be suppressed to prevent public attention. 

 Gulf Coat residents that are unaffected by SCP-8827 are to be subject to ad campaigns and incentive programs encouraging their departure from the region. Other programs should also work to erode local cultural connections, inflate insurance prices, and artificially increase the cost of living along the U.S. Gulf Coast. 

 Any civilians closely associated with Foundation personnel are to be moved out of the area.

     ~~Mobile Task Force Beta-2 (“Bayou Boys”) will be tasked with assisting in the relocation of SCP-8827-1 instances and at risk civilians.~~ All appropriate means are authorized at the discretion of the Site–88 director.

    MTF Gamma-5 (“Red Herrings”) must be dispatched immediately to neutralize dissenting elements of MTF Beta-2 and assume their role in the containment of SCP-8827. 

**Description:** 

    SCP-8827 refers to a series of human habitation and weather patterns in the United States Central Gulf Coast region. Affected individuals – classified as SCP-8827-1 instances – display an irrational draw toward areas impacted by hazardous weather conditions (SCP-8827-2). This results in both a refusal to leave in the face of impending storms and a tendency to move back into danger-prone areas, even after widespread devastation. Instances have been observed to turn violent at the suggestion of relocation. How individuals become SCP-8827-1 instances is a topic that’s under investigation, however, amnestic treatment (especially class D amnestics) have proven effective in removing SCP-8827's effects. 

    

    Research has revealed a direct relation between casualties suffered due to SCP-8827-2 events and both the frequency and severity of further SCP-8827-2 instances. In addition, SCP-8827-2s show a tendency to target areas of higher SCP-8827-1 concentration. Critically, the storms are threatening multiple containment sites along the coast. More decisive action is pending O5 approval for additional resources. 

---

**Addendum 8827-1, Containment Log**

**To:** Dr. McCullough

**From:** Captain Dubois

**Date:** 11:58 March 12, 2001

**Subject:** After Action Report Beta-2-8827-7

---

Morning Director!

    We are happy to report that we suffered no casualties in completing our *very* hazardous poster-placing expedition!  Image of an SCP-8827-1 Containment Poster from New Orleans:

    

    **[DATA EXPUNGED]**

    

    Reason: Cognito Hazard Detected

    *This action was performed automatically by a machine, please contact either the Recordkeeping and Information Security Administration or Dr. Uriel if you have any concerns* After a long, hard day's work, we’re planning to go out for lunch (which I’m kindly requesting you file under the Foundations wallet if at all possible), assuming there are no further orders. We’ll be at Evangline, if you’d be open to joining us.

Have a nice day!

-Dubois

By the way, just wanted to say thanks for the easy assignment. The guys really needed a nice break after the last mission. We appreciate it. 

@@ @@

**To:** Captain Dubois

**From:** Dr. McCullough

**Date:** 12:04 March 12, 2001

**Subject:** Re: After Action Report Beta-2-8827-7

>

---

Thanks Dubious, 

    I’d love to join, but I have a good bit of work to do. Take your time, I have no further instructions for the day.

Enjoy

- Dr. McCullough

PS: I’d be willing to fudge the ledgers this time if you sneak me out a meal, anything works, I’m starving here.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. McCullough

**From:** Captain Domingo 

**Date:** 13:16 March 12, 2001 	

**Subject:** Situation Report Beta-2-8827-15

>

---

Director, 

    We’ve gone through all authorized peaceful tactics, 'bout a third of the people are still refusing to leave. I doubt we can do much more, requesting permission to leave. 

-Captain Domingo 

@@ @@

**To:** Captain Domingo 

**From:** Dr. McCullough

**Date:** 13:19 March 12, 2001 

**Subject:** Re: Situation Report Beta-2-8827-15

>

---

Good work so far Domingo, 

    How many SCP-8827-1 instances are left?

- McCullough 

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. McCullough

**From:** Captain Domingo 

**Date:** 13:19 March 12, 2001

**Subject:** Re: Re: Situation Report Beta-2-8827-15

>

---

Nine. 

@@ @@

**To:** Captain Domingo

**From:** Dr. McCullough  

**Date:** 13:20 March 12, 2001 

**Subject:** Re: Re: Re: Situation Report Beta-2-8827-15

>

---

This situation is accounted for in your orders. Detain the instances, return them to the site, administer class-D amnestics, release them, and offer incentives again. It happens to the best of us, but please, read through your directives thoroughly in the future. On the bright side, your pace is outstanding. Keep it up. 

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. McCullough

**From:** Captain Domingo 

**Date:** 13:25 March 12, 2001 

**Subject:** Re: Re: Re: Re: Situation Report Beta-2-8827-15

>

---

Director, after some discussion, my team has decided that we'd like a transfer. 

@@ @@

**To:** Captain Domingo

**From:** Dr. McCullough

**Date:** 13:25 March 12, 2001 

**Subject:** Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Situation Report Beta-2-8827-15

>

---

How come? Is there anything I could do to help? Please speak freely. 

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. McCullough

**From:** Captain Domingo 

**Date:** 13:27 March 12, 2001 

**Subject:** Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Situation Report Beta-2-8827-15

>

---

Ma'am, candidly, we're MTF agents, nothing more, nothing less. I speak for the team when I say we signed up to protect humanity from horrors and monsters, not corral civvies into trucks and ship them to some Bayou Guantanamo Bay. This operation is for the secret police types, and that sure as hell is not us.

@@ @@

**To:** Captain Domingo

**From:** Dr. McCullough 

**Date:** 13:26 March 12, 2001 

**Subject:** Re: Re: Re: Re Re: Re: Re: Situation Report Beta-2-8827-15

>

---

I understand your concern, Captain. Due to protocol, I'm afraid you'll have to fill out the transfer form after the mission. I know this isn't what you usually do, and it may be stressful to deal with SCP-8827-1 instances, so I'd be willing to give you all some days off after this while I send the request up the chain. If there's anything else I can do to help, just tell me. I'm very sorry to put you in this position, but know this: you are all doing good and honest work. This anomaly is using these people, Captain. We are helping them break free. We are keeping them safe. We do what no one else can. 

 I look forward to seeing you back home safely,

-McCullough

*Captain Domingo's form  Domingo cited "Ethical Concerns" as the reason for his request  - submitted on 03/14/01 - was incinerated due to the risk of it containing cognito hazards as there were indications that he was effected by SCP-8827. This was confirmed before a formal investigation could be launched as his team went AWOL the following day.*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**SCP-8827-1 Containment Operation 9 Video Transcript**  Following this encounter, SCP-8827's risk class was updated from Warning (3) to Danger (4). 

**Date:** March 19, 2001

**Team:** Gamma-5-C

**Team Lead:** Captain Khaldun

**Point(s) of View:** Agent Schaefer

**Foreword:** The following is an excerpt from an encounter between a Gamma-5 team and a number of SCP-8827-1 instances, including various former Beta-2 elements. The operation occurred around Butte La Rose – a village in the Louisiana Bayou – after a series of reports from field agents regarding high concentrations of organized SCP-8827-1 activity. Gamma-5 teams B (10 personnel) and C (12 personnel) were deployed via helicopter to the outskirts of the village. 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

Yesod: Charlie, this is Gamma-5-Bravo, we’re in position. Give the word.

Khaldun: Got it, stand by. Everyone, a few words before we go in. Remember, be careful; this is their territory. Advance cautiously, stick togther, and trust your gut if something feels off. Take a few deep breaths… all ready?

Schaefer: Sir, I should have voiced this earlier, but I do have a concern; permission to speak?

Khaldun: Go ahead. 

Schaefer: We’re moving through an exposed area facing a possibly well entrenched foe of unknown strength whose nickname literally comes from this godforsaken swamp. This doesn’t seem like a good way to go about this. 

Khaldun: You want more cover? Would you rather move through the swamp? 

Schaefer: No – I mean like, isn’t this what we have D class for? Letting 'em draw a bit of fire and stuff.

Telos: Nah, thing is the Ethics Committee says they’re people too now. 

Khaldun: Shut it, Telos. They’re right, aren't they? We can’t just go around using human shields. 

Schaefer: Why not? They're criminals.

Khaldun: That doesn’t mean they’re not – agh, whatever. Look, think about it this way, do you want violent criminals loose in the AO? 

Schaefer: Um, fair enough… But then why don’t we just-

Khaldun: We’ve wasted enough time. Put on your masks. Yesod, gas. 

Yesod: Gas tubes active sir. 

 

Khaldun: Charlie, move in. Bravo, overwatch. 

*C team advances by the side of the main road, taking cover behind the sparse foliage and debris lining it. Gas begins to flood the area, giving the air an orange tint. 200 meters from the village, the team comes under heavy small arms fire.*

Khaldun: TAKE COVE-

*The feed cuts*

[END LOG]

---

**Report:** Gamma-5-C suffered 100% casualties. Only agent Schaefer was found and confirmed dead, the 11 others are currently recorded as missing in action. Ballistics analysis indicates Schaefer was likely killed by former Beta-2 personnel. 

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. McCullough

**From:** O5 General Memos  

**Date:** 08:00 March 21, 2001 

**Subject:** Re: Urgent Request for Additonal Reasources Regarding SCP-8827

>

---

Hello Director,

         

        In light of the recent developments regarding SCP-8827, we are approving your request fully with the addition of allowing you supervised usage of Mobile Task Force Alpha 1 to deal with hostile units.

We expect this will allow you to control the situation with all haste,

-The O5

@@ @@

---

#### NOTICE FROM THE ETHICS COMMITTEE

#### TO: SITE-88 LEVEL 4+ STAFF, O5 COUNCIL ALL, MTF BETA-2, MTF GAMMA 5

Following a series of reports from personnel working on this item, our own agents, and - most alarmingly - no small amount of fuss raised by civilians, the Committee is putting a pause to SCP-8827 related measures. Site Director McCullough, all researchers working on SCP-8827, and all MTF agents who have participated in SCP-8827 containment operations are to report to Site - 88's ad hoc detainment room. I'd also like the O5 to offer a report on the process behind the Council's decision to approve Site 88's request for additional reasources.  

-- Odongo Tejani, Chairman of the Ethics Committee, March 22 '01

---

# UPDATED ENTRY

---

]

---

#### Note: The following entry has been made by the Ethics Committee

---

~~*This entry has been updated to Level 5 Clearance*~~

*This entry has been returned to Level 3 Clearance*

**Special Containment Procedures:** Containment centers around maintaining expected anomalous exposure levels for Foundation staff. To that end, the Foundation must keep a weighted population count of all administrative regions. Weights are as follows:

D-Class: 0.0

Security Officers: 0.5

Mobile Task Force Operative: 0.7

Containment Specialists: 1.0

Researchers (Below Level 4): 2.0

Field Agents: 3.0

Researchers (Level 4+): 5.0

An anomalous activity This loosely measures how resource-intensive an anomaly is. It's calculated by averaging the item's Disruption class and Warning class. If the anomaly is safe, one level is subtracted; if it’s Euclid, no change; if it’s Keter, one level is added; if it’s esoteric, two levels are added. Rounding is left at the discretion of the researcher(s). quota must be maintained such that it equals the calculated population of a site. Activity translates to population as follows:

Level 1 = 5

Level 2 = 10

Level 3 = 15

Level 4 = 25

Level 5 = 40

Level 6 = 50

Level 7 = 60

The Department of Human Resources shall be tasked with keeping the quota either by releasing staff or relocating anomalies. Issues involving anomalies level 5 or above require the input of at least three personnel with clearance level 4 or above.

The management of the anomalous activity in regards to designated people of interest These are particularly impactful members in the Foundation who need special attention (e.g. O5 members, Dr. [Data Omitted], Dr. [Data Omitted], etc.)  is at the discretion of the Ethics Committee Chairman.

All Site Directors must read the 7th edition of *A Comprehensive Guide to Human Resources and Incident Management*. 

**Description:** SCP-8827 is an addiction contracted due to exposure to anomalous activity. The strength of the addiction scales with the length and magnitude of exposure. When an addicted individual is subject to expected levels of anomalous activity, symptoms manifest themselves in increased productivity; however, when levels are lower than expected, individuals become paranoid and will attempt to seek out anomalous activity, often resulting in false positives. Physical symptoms can manifest in extreme cases, resulting in ticks, shaking, trouble focusing, mood swings, and headaches. 

---

**Addendum 8827-1, Notable Incidents** 

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Event-8827-6 (Maryland Cult Incident)</summary>

---

**Date:** January 1994

**Prelude:** After a vicious streak of containment breaches caused by SCP-[Data Omitted], it and 3 other particularly hazardous anomalies were moved out of Site-29. Most staff working on the anomalies were sent to the new containment site, and those left were assigned to low-activity entities on site, exacerbating SCP-8827's manifestation in them. While the site’s employee condition report changed positively by an average of ~10% following the relocation, Reportedly, this was largely due to the departure of [Error: Individual not present in Foundation Database. Citation needed for existence] from the site  this only lasted three months, after which a staggering decline of ~40% occurred within a month. Field agents (of whom Site-29's sector had a disproportionate amount, given its low anomalous activity) saw worse trends, reporting a ~55% decrease.

**Target:** A small, nascent cult named the Ascendant Church of Our Lord’s Broken Flesh, formed from a breakaway Catholic parish in Churchville, [Sic]  Maryland. This sect was especially fond of the Eucharistic sacrament and practiced a small amount of ritual cannibalism, mostly limited to bloodletting. Occasionally, practitioners consumed small amounts of skin offered voluntarily as part of mass. 

**Action:** Two field agents, Dupont and Nicholson, investigated the cult due to a flood of sensationalist local news coverage regarding the group. The agents claim that they infiltrated a mass and witnessed “the classic signs of Sarkic savagery, y’know, like, um, blood, eating people, ominous chanting, creepy shit, the whole 9”, after which they filed a report classifying the cult as a Sarkic indoctrination front. 

Site director Brown organized an expedited trial as a pretext to dispatch site security under the guise of law enforcement. The situation garnered national news coverage when a shootout ensued between Foundation forces and cult members. As the situation developed, an inquiry by the Office of Records Administration was launched, though by the time it was determined that the cult was not Sarkic, the church had already been stormed. The Foundation captured 60 civilians while suffering one dead and one wounded. 23 attendees were killed, with a further 9 wounded. Only 15 of the casualties were belligerents. 

**Result:** Since this event occurred before the 4th edition of *A Comprehensive Guide to Human Resources and Incident Management* was published, all key staff involved were terminated Clarification by RAISA ID 8231: As in fired. We don't just kill people on the spot immediately. As such, no information regarding the nature of SCP-8827 was garnered. Public management operations were not required as the media attributed the event to the federal government. The United States' Unusual Incidents Unit reached out to the Foundation and questioned them as to their involvement. There are no records of a reply.

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Event 8827-2 (Red Scare Incident)</summary>

---

[DATA EXPUNGED] Reason: Sensitive Information Detected 

*This action was performed automatically by a machine. Please contact either the Recordkeeping and Information Security Administration or Dr. Uriel if you have any concerns*  and Senator Joseph McCarthy shaking hands.

**Date:** 1949 - 1951

**Prelude:** Following the twin Seventh Occult War and Second World War, the Foundation saw a marked decrease in anomalous activity from baseline levels worldwide. This, paired with the high expected anomalous levels due to the war, caused pervasive paranoia throughout the Foundation. With the onset of the McCarthy era, Foundation personnel consumed an immense amount of anti-communist propaganda. Internal Foundation media followed suit and began publishing stories of “Soviet SCPs" ranging from fearmongering news coverage to pulp fiction. These were highly popular across all levels of the American Foundation and served to direct SCP-8827-derived paranoia toward the USSR.

**Target:** All personnel deemed to be Communist. 

**Action:** A series of purges terminating Okay, *this* time it is, in fact, kill

-RAISA ID 8231  individuals suspected of having Soviet sympathies. Casualty figures are unknown as many records were lost or destroyed.

**Result:** A temporary schism occurred between Soviet and American elements of the Foundation. Many staff members fled the U.S. for the Soviet Union and vice versa due to Soviet retaliation. Once anomalous activity returned to normal levels, the incident was amended with both parties expressing regret over the occurrence. Media restrictions were placed on Foundation personnel to avoid future compromising influences.

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>+Event 8827-12 (Gulf Coast Incident)</summary>

---

**Date:** March 2001

**Prelude:** Site-88 underwent a period of reduced activity since duties in the sector were largely delegated to the Global Occult Coalition. As a result, the majority of researchers were rendered idle. A sharp increase in mental unwellness was noted. Site Director McCullough attempted to address the issue by building an in-site park, adding amenities to the library, encouraging clubs, upgrading the cafeteria, prescribing medication, and holding optional therapy sessions, which became very popular. These tactics were shown to improve employee condition by ~40% and postpone the onset of serious negative SCP-8827 symptoms for over six months. 

SCP-8827 began to manifest in force when an expedition to recover three missing field agents around Biloxi, Mississippi, ended in a fire exchange with locals due to a miscommunication. The civilians were under the impression that they were being evicted Following this incident, McCullough opted to have MTF Beta-2 assist in the search due to their expertise in the area.

 As this was occurring, Dr. Flores was independently conducting research into the cause of worsening weather around the Gulf Coast. A colleague of Flores' alleged he was a Global Warming denier, though these claims have not been confirmed.  Upon hearing of the encounter, Dr. Flores connected the two events, citing the perceived irrationality of civilians and his interpretation of historical data. After 'confirming' his ideas with colleagues, Flores assembled a preliminary case file for the former SCP-8827. 

**Target:** Civilians on the Gulf Coast, especially the Louisiana-Alabama coastal region.

**Action:** Containment procedures promptly went into effect, and a mass relocation campaign ensued. In the best cases, communities were crushed by rising costs of living and torn between those who wanted to move and those who wanted to stay. In the most brutal instances, civilians were forcibly uprooted from their homes, treated with Class D amnestics to enforce compliance, and, in case of resistance, killed. Thousands more were subjected to campaigns of manufactured consent either through carefully crafted news cycles or − more directly − through cognito-hazards. 

Several skirmishes between MTF teams and locals occurred throughout the operation. After a week, multiple Beta-2 elements refused to continue containment and began aiding civilians against Foundation forces. Gamma-5 was dispatched to deal with the situation. This culminated in the Battle of Butte La Rose, which lasted for one hour and saw five agents killed. The battle ended with the capture and subsequent defection of the remaining nine members of Gamma-5-C. After the battle, O5 command held an emergency meeting and approved further resources for the containment of the former SCP-8827. The Ethics Committee interceded and halted all operations. 

**Result:** All staff involved in containment were detained by the Ethics Committee. With the information acquired after the incident through interviews and – thanks to Dr. McCullough's encouragement of the practice – employee journals, SCP-8827 was hypothesized and confirmed. All relevant site staff and MTF personnel were retrained.

Dr. Flores was terminated and returned to civilian life after amnestic treatment. Dr. McCullough and the O5 were reprimanded; however, due to her effectiveness in dealing with SCP-8827 symptoms prior to the incident, Dr. McCullough was enlisted in the writing of the 7th edition of *A Comprehensive Guide to Human Resources and Incident Management*. Since the operations launched by Site-88 followed effective public management practices, no coverup was required. All blame was attributed to the U.S. government. The Bush admin, however, did conduct its own cover-up of the incident 

</details>

@@ @@

 

**Addendum-8827-2, Notable Conversations Regarding Event 8827-12**

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** March 24, 2001

**NOTE:** The following is a transcript of Chairman Tejani's interview with Dr. McCullough while she was detained following the Gulf Coast incident.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

(McCullough enters. Tenjani is seated)

Tenjani: Drink?

McCullough: Um, pardon?

Tenjani: Coffee, tea, et cetera.

McCullough: (pauses) I'd appreciate some tea.

Tenjani: (while pouring) Please, take a seat. I don't bite.

McCullough: (sits) Noted, though, forgive me if I'm hesitant to think so.

Tenjani: Oh, absolutely, I know one of my – how should I say − more famous colleagues got to you first, no?

(McCullough nods)

Tenjani: Very sorry about that. Anyways, I know you must be aching to get out of here, so I'll get right to the point (passes tea). We're all doctors here, and after looking through your file, I can see you have quite the academic record; so, how did this 8827 entry get past you? 

McCullough: I wish I could give you a clear answer. I mean, it really did make sense when I first read it. These people were acting irrationally; they kept putting themselves in harm's way, and the data looked like it backed everything up, too. Maybe it was the fact that nothing had happened for months. Maybe it just sounded like a good idea, y'know, save lives and get people away from hurricanes; who would say no? Or maybe I didn't realize what the idea meant, it feels easy to order the relocation of SCP-8827-1s. When you say that, without thinking, it doesn't feel quite real. It doesn't feel good or bad, just clinically correct. I-uh... I just-

Tenjani: (motions toward the tea) Slow down and take a sip, it helps... You're rather introspective, I take it the situation has been gnawing at you. 

McCullough: (pauses to drink, coughs slightly) Y-yeah, I mean yes, of course. 

Tenjani: Good, good. We could use more of that around here. One last thing and I'll let you go, alright? 

McCullough: Yes.

Tenjani: Could you tell me about your interactions with the O5?

McCullough: (hesitates) Am I at liberty to decline?

Tenjani: Yes, though I can also assure you that this is a safe place to speak your mind.

[END LOG]

**To:** O5-[Data Omitted]

**From:** Chairman Tejani

**Date:** [Data Omitted]

**Subject:** Follow-up regarding the meeting

---

Hey [Data Omitted].

          Just wanted to ask you why you were absent for the scheduled meeting. 

Cheers,

-Odongo

@@ @@

**To:** Chairman Tejani

**From:** O5-[Data Omitted]

**Date:** [Data Omitted]

**Subject:** Re: Follow-up regarding the meeting

---

Good Day Chairman, 

         I never arranged a meeting with you. If you have any question please put them in the reply and I will get back to you soon.

-[Data Omitted]

@@ @@

**To:** O5-[Data Omitted]

**From:** Chairman Tejani

**Date:** [Data Omitted]

**Subject:** Re: Re: Follow-up regarding the meeting

---

Okay, listen, I see you are set on being obstinate. Please explain your motive so we can discuss this productively and professionally. I'd also like to know if your behavior is reflective of the council's stance as a whole. 

@@ @@

**To:** Chairman Tejani

**From:** O5-[Data Omitted]

**Date:** [Data Omitted]

**Subject:** Re: Re: Re: Follow-up regarding the meeting

---

The council has not made a decision, however, in my eyes it need not take responsibility for the negligence of researchers. Frankly, I am rather appalled that you have not dealt with them more harshly by now. The Foundation's grasp on its employees has grown far too weak under your tenure.

@@ @@

**To:** O5-[Data Omitted]

**From:** Chairman Tejani

**Date:** [Data Omitted]

**Subject:** Re: Re: Re: Re: Follow-up regarding the meeting

---

I'll see if the other O5s share your sentiments. I, for one, agree with you. It's unfortunate to see high-level employees of the Foundation refuse to own up to their mistakes. Rest assured, I'll work to hold all employees accountable in whatever way I can, no matter their rank.

@@ @@

**To:** Chairman Tejani

**From:** O5-[Data Omitted]

**Date:** [Data Omitted]

**Subject:** Re: Re: Re: Re: Re: Follow-up regarding the meeting

---

[DATA EXPUNGED] Reason: Sensitive Information Detected

*This action was performed automatically by a machine. Please contact either the Recordkeeping and Information Security Administration or Dr. Uriel if you have any concerns* 

Comment: @RAISA I believe this doesn't need to be redacted, please resolve.

-EC ID 1

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8826](SCP-8826) | SCP-8827 | [SCP-8828](SCP-8828) >>
