=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8341

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8341 is to be kept in the Site-115 armory. Standard procedures for chemical weapon storage apply. In the event of accidental activation, affected subjects should be restrained until their behavior returns to normal.

**Description:** SCP-8341 is a tear gas canister originally manufactured by Federal Laboratories in 1987. SCP-8341 operates identically to a conventional tear gas canister; however, rather than a lachrymal agent, SCP-8341 contains a pink liquid designated SCP-8341-A. SCP-8341-A is identical to the antacid medication "Pepto-Bismol", except for its tendency to aerosolize.

Inhaling SCP-8341-A causes a short-term compulsion to insert the phrase "I'm gay" into every available image, document, and text input field. When possible, the subject will replace all existing text with the phrase "I'm gay". This will override the subject's other priorities until the effect wears off, which takes between five and thirty minutes. Subjects will also preface any verbal statement they make with "I'm gay". Thirty minutes after use, SCP-8341 reverts to its unused state and refills with SCP-8341-A.

Note that SCP-8341 has no effect on the subject's actual sexual identification or interests.

**Addendum:** Recovered chat logs indicate that SCP-8341 was created by a member of the Group of Interest "Gamers Against Weed" operating under the alias "PINK_SCARE". Relevant documentation is included below.

**<Begin Log>**

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** hey @tiedyeduck do you have a sec?##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** i had inspiration strike and i need your input##

**tiedyeduck:** fuck off

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** look im sorry to bother you but##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** im vibrating in my seat and i need to share##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** ok##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** so##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** you know how the army tried to make a gay bomb in the 90s##

**tiedyeduck:** it's four in the morning are you insane

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** or was it the air force##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** doesnt matter##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** what if there was an "im gay" bomb##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** where it makes you say im gay a lot##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** instead of actually making you gay##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** idk i just##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** i've been binging memes all day##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** and i can't get this out of my head##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** i think it's really funny but##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** i dont know if i should bother with it##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** @tiedyeduck are you still here?##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** should i do it?##

**tiedyeduck:** sure whatever

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** !!!##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** thank youuu!!! <3 <3 <3##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** i will let you know when its finished##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** youre gonna love it##

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** i know EXACTLY what to do with it too##

*tiedyeduck left the room.*

##ff3399|**PINK_SCARE:** okay goodnight!##

**<End Log>**

**Recovery:** SCP-8341 was recovered in the course of a collaboration with the United States Department of Defense, the details of which are classified. On April 1st, 2020, the DoD's Foundation liaison vandalized all documents on a shared server to read "I'm gay". When questioned, the DoD reported that SCP-8341 had spontaneously appeared in an air vent at the Pentagon and immediately activated, exposing over two hundred personnel (including their Foundation liaison) to SCP-8341-A.

The Foundation subsequently requested, and then received, custody of SCP-8341.

= << [SCP-8340](SCP-8340) | SCP-8341 | [SCP-8342](SCP-8342) >>

> **Filename:** teargas.jpg

> **Author:** Lilian Wagdy

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/60329285@N04/5883844617/)
