**Item #:** SCP-8340

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** At this time, SCP-8340’s presence in Area-██ poses only a psychological issue, which is currently remedied through the use of Class-B Type Gamma-15 amnestics, formulated to erase human short-term memory within the previous hour and fifteen minutes. Multi-use dispatch canisters have been placed strategically within the Area such that all employees who pass through doors are able to reach an amnestics canister within five minutes or less.

A full floor-plan and the schedule for amnestics replenishment should be procurable at all times from the Area’s local maintenance crew. Responsibility for replenishment and arrangement similarly falls to the Area’s head of maintenance. The specific Area number has been redacted for security and morale purposes. 

**Description:** SCP-8340 is a phenomenon affecting all single doors within Area-██; the source of the phenomenon is currently under investigation. Each door in Area-██ has an approximately 33% chance per day to subject any individuals who cross the door to a psychological experience in which they find themselves eaten by a creature masquerading as the door. For the next real-world hour, affected individuals remain catatonic.

While the specific psychological nature of the experience varies, each victim describes a year-long process of being eaten and digested alive, then being reconstituted and spat out on the other side of the door which they entered.  Although each individual experiences a different method of being eaten and digested (for example being eaten by chickens and crushed by gizzards, trapped by a Venus flytrap and consumed by digestive enzymes, being trapped within [SCP-1829](SCP-1829), etc.), they consistently describe the experience as being “eaten alive” and then “uneaten alive”.

This phenomenon remains entirely psychological. Initial attempts at counseling victims of SCP-8340 failed due to the differing nature of each experience; in many cases the victim develops a progressive form of trauma-induced psychosis, characterized by the inability to reconcile their subjective year-long experience of being a non-human organism consumed and digested with the reality of having only lost an hour in the real world. 

While affected doors can be replaced with unaffected doors, the phenomenon eventually reasserts itself. Furthermore, many doors cannot be modified due to their role in containing numerous Keter-class anomalies and the risk of an employee’s catatonic episode creating a containment breach. Because of the Area’s strategic importance, it cannot be abandoned nor its anomalies moved. As a result, containment of SCP-8340 has shifted to managing the problem and minimizing its effects on the Site employees. 

Currently, the most effective means of countering the effect is training each employee to utilize the provided Class-B Type Gamma-15 amnestics on site. An added bonus of this containment procedure is that it replaces the last hour of real-world brain patterns with the belief that an uneventful lunch-hour has passed, ensuring both employee mental stability and saving tens of thousands of man-hours alone.

<details>
<summary>+ Level 4/8340 clearance required</summary>

Owing to recent geopolitical struggles and ongoing restructuring of material contracts with civilian governments and paranatural organization, it is estimated that Area-██ will be approximately 20% short of the average annual requirement of Class-B Type Gamma-15 amnestics required to maximize operability of the site and minimize lost productivity to within logistically compensatable levels for at least five years. At this time, the [ Fire Suppression Department ](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/fire-suppression-department-hub ) has been tasked with exploring alternative means of psychological containment; promising lines of containment include inducing sexual paraphilias such as cannibalism and vore into employees of Area-██ during their mandated security training upon assignment.

</details>

<< [SCP-8339](SCP-8339) | SCP-8340 | [SCP-8341](SCP-8341) >>
