# ADVICE: THE FOLLOWING FILE MAY UNCERTAINLY BE LEVEL 5/8396 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY HYPOTHETICAL ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS UNCERTAINLY EXISTING FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 5/8396 AUTHORIZATION MAY BE LOGGED AND MIGHT LEAD TO IMMEDIATE UNCERTAIN ACTION.

## YOU MAY HAVE BEEN ADVISED.

---

<details>
<summary>~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~Attempt hypothetical accessing of this uncertainly existing file~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~</summary>

**Item #:** The item may be SCP-8396, but it is unknown if it really is.

**Object Class:** Maybe Archon and/or Keter, though such information can not be confirmed.

**Hypothetical Containment Procedures:** All personnel may be advised to never certainly speak or write about the uncertainly existing object. If it hypothetically had to be spoken or written about, it should perhaps be referred to only with uncertainty.

All hypothetical writings of the uncertainly existing object should appear uncertain.

It should currently be left uncontained, as all methods that may exist to contain it might cause an catastrophic event, XK-Class mass extinction or end-of-the-world scenario.

The facility in charge of SCP-8396 may be Site-19.

**Hypothetical Description:** It may be a large structure or complex geometrical pattern made out of gold or copper that may exist 8 kilometers underwater. Its coordinates may be 37.522111, -35.963700 or 37.522111, -37.396495, in the atlantic ocean.

If multiple people hypothetically would speak, read or write about the uncertainly existing object in question with certainty, a XK-Class mass extinction or end-of-the-world scenario might occur. 

If a singular human would hypothetically speak, read or write about the uncertainly existing object in question with certainty, the extinction of one animal species could hypothetically be possible. At the uncertain time of writing, only 2 cases may have occured. (You have been advised to see hypothetical incident logs 8396-1 and -2)

If someone hypothetically was to use a uncertainly existing containment method to contain the uncertainly existing object, it could possibly cause earthquakes, tsunamis, volcanic eruptions or even, uncertainly, an XK-Class mass extinction or end-of-the-world scenario, but this information is unconfirmed.

The uncertainly existing structure or pattern may produce a substance that might be used, hypothetically, in the creation of extremely effective reality anchors, though it is unknown if such substance could exist.

Possibly existing sonar readings of the possible location of the uncertainly existing structure or pattern may have shown geometric formations that could resemble underwater mountains that hypothetically could surround the uncertainly existing structure or pattern.

**Hypothetical Incident Log 8396-1:** This hypothetical incident may have occured on December 3rd, 1989. During this hypothetical incident, a member of the SCP Foundation may have certainly spoken about the uncertain object that this hypothetical file explains.

After the member of the SCP Foundation certainly spoke about the uncertainly existing object, all remaining units of the Golden Toad (Incilius periglenes) may have suddenly died, possibly placing the Golden Toad (Incilius periglenes) in extinction.

**Hypothetical Incident Log 8396-2:** Hypothetical Incident Log 8396-2 may currently be under hypothetical re-writing, as it may have been written incorrectly. The hypothetical incorrect writing of the log may have hypothetically triggered the extinction of an unknown species.

There may be no more uncertain information about the hypothetical incorrect writing.

~~**Hypothetical Addendum 8396-1:** According to uncertain test results that could exist, SCP-500 may be capable of hypothetically stopping the effects of the uncertain structure or pattern on the person that may be affected by SCP-500, allowing them to hypothetically speak or write about the uncertainly existing structure or pattern without possible negative effects.~~

~~This might also indicate, that hypothetically the structure or pattern could be emitting an uncertainly existing disease that causes the uncertainly existing effects.~~

**Uncertainly Existing Note:** It is uncertainly possible that the extinction event possibly occured an uncertainly large amount of time after the possible experiment, and SCP-500 possibly may not end effects of the uncertainly existing structure or pattern.

Any hypothetically happening testing possibly involving death of hundreds, thousands or hypothetically millions animals is possibly unethical. 

- The writer of this note may have hypothetically been the Ethics Committee

</details>

---

<< [SCP-8395](SCP-8395) | HYPOTHETICALLY EXISTING FILE | [SCP-8397](SCP-8397) >>
