=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8470

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Doctor Sophia is to be locked in a room every October 10th to avoid damage to Containment Area-111.

**Description:** SCP-8470 is the yearly explosion and subsequent revival of Doctor Lilyann Sophia. At approximately 12:45PM, every October 10th, Doctor Sophia will spontaneously combust. A minute post-combustion, Doctor Sophia will reform without any memory of the event, and continue her activities for the day as if nothing has happened. Attempts to inform her about the event have resulted in responses denying the ability of a human to spontaneously combust.

**Incident Log:** 10/10/2024

**PRESENT:** Dr. Lilyann A. Sophia, Dr. Winston K. Boyle

---

(*Boyle leads Sophia into a room with an airtight valve door, which is propped open by two large bricks.*)

(*12:43PM.*)

**SOPHIA:** Oh, you didn't have to book a room for me.

**BOYLE:** I assure you, I did.

**SOPHIA:** Well, I appreciate it. Who's gonna come?

**BOYLE:** I think Own and Draws are gonna bring people.

**SOPHIA:** That's great. I love them. Make sure you bring some alcohol, it's my birthday after all.

**BOYLE:** Mhm. Will do.

(*Boyle begins walking toward the door.*)

**SOPHIA:** Hey, uh, where are you going?

**BOYLE:** Gotta pick up the cake. You know. The cake.

**SOPHIA:** (*Nodding.*) I got you! Sorry to hold you up, Winston.

(*Boyle leaves, kicking the bricks out of the way as the door slams shut.*)

(*Dr. Sophia twiddles her fingers, whistling a tune.*)

(*12:44PM.*)

(*She stands up, exhaustedly stumbling around the room. She stops in front of a large sign on the wall, reading "EXPLOSIVE PROOF'D".*)

**SOPHIA:** Huh. I don't think that's how you spell proofed.

(*She grunts, kicking a bit of dust on the floor.*)

**SOPHIA:** Yeah. Absolutely not. I should call someone about this typo.

(*She looks at the ground and sighs, before looking back up at the sticker.*)

**SOPHIA:** And why the Hell does this room have to be explosive proo--

(*12:45PM.*)

<< [SCP-8469](SCP-8469) | SCP-8470 | [SCP-8471](SCP-8471) >>
