=====

=====

## **Notice**

This draft is currently {{in-deletion}}. Information found below may be fraudulent or outdated.

**Item #:** SCP-8453

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8453 is currently pending official classification and containment. Until then, SCP-8453 is monitored, when possible, by Junior Researcher Anthony Davids.

**Description:** SCP-8453 is an inaccessible maintenance corridor behind J. Researcher Davids' office in Area-34. The corridor does not appear on any current or archived floor plans of Area-34. A sealed hatch, welded shut and concealed behind drywall, leads into the space.

SCP-8453 was discovered by J. Researcher Davids on April 15th, 2023. Loud thudding noises were heard behind a shelf, the removal of which uncovered the hatch.

Investigation with a handheld thermal imaging device indicated a temperature behind the hatch of 35-40°C. Attempts to open the hatch using cutting tools and drills have all failed.

On April 28th, J. Researcher Davids placed a microphone near the hatch. Over the following week, thudding and faint voices were recorded.

**Audio Log 8453-1: April 28th, 2023**

**Voice:** *[muffled]* ...--me.

**Davids:** Huh, is someone there?

*[Silence.]*

**Davids:** Hello?

**Voice:** ...worse than we thought.

**Davids:** What was worse?

**Voice:** Requesting... —ediate evac. This is Doct—... *[static]*...—ject Silhouette.

**Davids:** D-doctor? Who are you?

**Audio Log 8453-4: May 1st, 2023**

**Voice:** *[static]*...--amma 27, confirming...

*[Gunfire.]*

**Davids:** Whoa! What's happening?

**Voice:** ....--st visuals, requesting backup!

*[Static, gunfire abruptly stops.]*

**Audio Log 8453-6:** May 4th, 2023

**Voice 1:** *[static]*...--imicry was a mistake! Look around you!

**Voice 2:** If only we had... *[static]* ...--and this is what we get.

**Davids:** There's two of you now! Hello?

**Voice 1:** Whatever, we just need to--...

*[Static]*

**Audio Log 8453-7:** May 5th, 2023

**Voice:** --off, completely.

*[Loud, mechanical noises.]*

**Voice:** I don't want any signs of--....

*[Mechanical noises grow louder, accompanied by the sound of crushing concrete, deafening the voice.]*

**Audio Log 8453-8: May 6th, 2023**

**Voice:** *[Static]*...~~ing left. Only... ~~uck and bodies.

*[Wet, crunching noises.]*

**Voice:** ...can be of some use...

**Voice:** *[muffled]* ...--me.

Two incident reports were submitted by J. Researcher Davids, both of which have been declined.

**Personal Log: Anthony Davids, May 13th 2023**

I've been recording the hatch for a while now. I think it just repeats after a week? At least the voices do.

I was up late last night working on another SCP I’m actually assigned to. And... You know that feeling when you know someone is watching you? That's what I was getting from the hatch. And, when I got close to it... I could've sworn I heard sobbing. I checked the recording afterward-- nothing. But it was on. I know it was on.

@@ @@

@@ @@

Anyway, I searched up 'Silhouette,' since it kept coming up. There was an old Project here in -34 named that, but I can't find anything about it. Who led it, what it was about, nothing. All I found was an empty directory made in 1991.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Note from Site Director Ezra Everest**

Following the discovery of the above draft in the 8453 slot, Anthony Davids has been assigned to therapy and relieved of duty. Clearly, he's been having a hard time adjusting to this new line of work, and could use a well-deserved break.

He has also been reprimanded for the misuse of Foundation equipment.

~~~~

<< [SCP-8452](SCP-8452) | SCP-8453 | [SCP-8454](SCP-8454) >>

---
