=====

=====

"If a Tree Falls in the Forest" by  

@@ @@

[ I have an Author Page!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/mister-toasty)

**Item #:** ~~SCP-8437~~ ~~SCP-Alligator~~ ~~SCP-48518037513784813241~~ SCP-001

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ ~~Apollyon~~ ~~Megiddo~~ ~~Decommissioned~~ Unknown

**Special Containment Procedures:** N/A, see Description.

**Description**: It's me, I'm the anomaly (I think). I'm Engineer Stephanie Humboldt of Site-203. Right now I'm so scared out of my mind that I can barely type. Nobody can see me, or they keep pretending I'm not there, no matter what I do. I know I'm not dead because I can still

You know what? Let me start over from the beginning. For context. The day before all this happened was completely normal (in relative terms). I drove into the Site garage, signed in, went to my station, did my job, signed out, and drove home. There are records that you can look up. The next day was exactly the same up until a point. I woke up, drove to work, and parked in the garage, but the security guard didn't seem to notice me. I did everything I could to get his attention but he was either playing a bad prank on me or ignoring me for some reason. I decided to keep going. I thought he'd stop me if I just walked in, but nothing happened. I assumed that since he saw me regularly, he'd sign me in later and I could get on with my day.

I shrugged it off and went to the lounge to put my lunch away for later. Andie, Denny and Shen ~~ I mean, Jr. Researcher Ampersand, Researchers Dennison and Liang ~~ were there, so I walked over to say hello. They didn't see me or hear me. I shouted, waved my hand in front of their faces, even gave Shen a little push. He completely brushed it off and went on chatting with everyone like nothing had happened. That's when I started getting scared. I ran over to Dr. Shimada's lab and looked to see if they were there. They were, so I banged on the door for, I guess, a minute or two, as hard as I could. They didn't even look up. I ran over to Maintenance and tried to get anyone to notice me:  I overturned a toolbox, activated a fire extinguisher, turned on a faucet, even stood directly in front of someone when they were walking. They bumped into me, but didn't register it, and walked around, as if I were some invisible pillar.

I found a mirror and looked into it. I was still there. But just to cover all of my bases, I went over to the clinic. I gave myself a small cut with a scalpel, and was relieved to find that not only was I still drawing blood, but I felt pain. I wrote a note and put it on Dr. Safir's computer, then I walked out into the hallway. My situation really dawned on me and I guess I crashed. I went numb and started freaking out for a bit. Once I calmed down, I figured the best way to get attention would be to put something into the SCP database -- namely, me.

Would you believe I now have Level-5 access? A few days ago I only had Level-1, but today, I can look up practically everything. I have no idea how or why that happened. I stayed away from the memetic kill agents, though. Just in case.

I first checked on my status and found that I was still in the database, listed as ACTIVE (and with Level-1 clearance, so they were a little out of date. Sorry, that was a bad joke). Not missing, not KIA, not Unknown. So that was something. Then I wrote what you're reading now. If anybody sees this, PLEASE HELP ME, I'M STEPHANIE HUMBOLDT, ENGINEER, SITE-203.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: I can't wait around anymore. I'm going to do more tests. I'll come back to this document every so often and add to it. I'm not going to leave the Site until I figure this out. If anyone needs to contact me, I'll either be in the data center or the lounge, so I guess make a sign and wait for me. My phone number should also be in the database.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: I went to see my brother, Jr. Containment Specialist Guillaume H., along with Dr. Shulen. Neither one of them saw me or heard me. Not even when I gave Gilly a hug. That made me so sick to my stomach that I

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

I don't want to write that part. I gave up after about an hour. I went around to everyone I knew, and several people I didn't know. I wrote on the walls, I made messes, I carried around signs. I found a bullhorn and sang the most annoying song I knew. I even took off my clothes and wandered into the Director's room stark naked. He just sat there, talking on the phone, typing on his computer. Even when I opened and shut the door several times, and swept everything off his desk. He picked it up as if it had been knocked over by the wind and kept going.

I got dressed and ate the lunch I had stored away. Trauma and stress usually kill my appetite, but...

Oh, I figured out how to change my Containment Class. I originally put myself as Euclid, but that's not going to draw any suspicion. Based on its description, "Apollyon" should set off some alarms. I promise I'm harmless, though, so please come find me.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: It's been a day and nobody's made a peep about my file. It's exactly the way I left it. Well, time to get creative.

@@ @@

@@ @@

I am now SCP-Alligator. That should get someone's attention.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: It did not. Not even when I changed the containment class again. "Megiddo" sounded like the scariest, most serious thing in the files, but I've held that containment class for two days and life goes on in Site-203 as if

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

as if i wasn't even there

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: Changed Item number, not that it matters. I made it completely nonsensical just to see if anything happened. Nope.

I don't know what to do now. I've tried every

OH MY GOD I'M SUCH AN IDIOT!!!!! Hume Readings and Scranton Reality Anchors! Why didn't I think of that before?! I'm so angry at myself, I should know better, I work with the stupid things every day (I'm the one that has to recalibrate them). I'm going to get a Hume reading of myself right now.

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**:  It's giving me standard readings for a baseline human. The margin of error is usually within about ten degrees, and mine's off by two. I've eaten sandwiches with discrepancies higher than that. For all intents and purposes, I'm normal. Not the result I was expecting, but good to know. Now for the Anchors. Those are going to be a bit trickier.

Here's the problem: if I activate one, there needs to be someone around to "witness" my shift into reality. They're no good if I use it when I'm alone; then I'll never be able to prove I was anomalous in the first place (which I'm almost certain I am, despite the Hume reading). In order for that to happen, someone either needs to be in the same room as me when I use it, or they need authorization to use it and I have to be there when they do. We don't have many Anchors here, so I have to be either very patient or very lucky.

Or very creative.

If I have Level-5 access, then I can open up some of the containment chambers. Gill was mentioning something in Basement-2 that required Level-5 access to open up, so I'm going to very briefly let it out. I'll make arrangements so it doesn't get very far, then wait for our security team to disable it. If it kills me

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

I think I'll worry about that later

@@ @@

WAIT IS THIS HOW CONTAINMENT BREACHES HAPPEN

ARE THER EOTHE RPEOPLELIKET HISOHGOD

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

I felt sick for a bit back there. Had to vomit. So I can do that. Not dead. Just imperceptible. Good to know. OK lets do this

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: That was discomforting. I opened the chamber and nothing happened. Whatever that thing was, it just laid there. I even went inside. It didn't even register my presence. I'm pretty sure it has eyes and other sensory organs, but...  Anyway, the chamber was unsealed for an hour and nothing happened. No alarm, no breach, no dead Stephanie. I'm not out of options yet. There's a Keter-class anomaly that I know of. I'm going to take it out and put it somewhere conspicuous, maybe the lounge or the Director's office. It's harmless, it just needs a lot of security, and I can override that. Fingers crossed.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: Well, it worked and it didn't work. I put it in the cafeteria and watched it cause a mess. A merry time had by all. Our security team came through with an SRA and I was at ground zero when it went off. The anomaly settled down and was re-contained, but even with the Anchor fully operational, and me standing there like a moron shouting and waving, nobody knew I was there. Life went on and I kept being the "Nowhere Girl". Now what?

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: I've been imperceptible for a month now. My Active status still remains. Stranger still, I haven't heard anyone talking about me. Not even Gilly. That part hurts the most. It's like the database is the only thing that remembers me, and nobody ever bothers to confirm it. I've nearly cried all of my tears away, but I think I'll wring out a few more.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: Two months. Doesn't anyone think it's suspicious that I haven't shown up to work AT ALL FOR TWO MONTHS? NOT EVEN MY OWN BROTHER? 

Wait, that gives me an idea. What if I just leave the Site and drive home? You think someone will crash into me?

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: So it's not just Site-203 who can't see me, NOBODY can. I've been away for a month, trying to get other people to notice me. I drove home safe, I guess people saw my car, but nobody said hello to me or anything. I went out and stole food right in front of a grocer. I walked into a jewelry store and took everything they had, threw it in a box, and wrote down what I did on a piece of cardboard. I grabbed two police officers by the throat, slapped another one, and spat in another one's face. I sat naked in a crowded church. I wrote quotes from Diogenes in ketchup on a museum wall. It's the real definition of insanity here, folks: trying the same thing hoping for different results. I'm still an active member of the SCP Foundation, I don't know why. I don't know i don tknow i donkt ob i donlt knoewn i dont ewkcmcx trknmwoqw tivn wdjnas  njrtjhaervhjdv sDSBAWEKJLFBE  WFJKLEAKJLADFVJK LDAFJNDAFJN

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**:  I have one more trick up my sleeve, but it's desperate. I'm going to list myself as Decommissioned and open up the SCP-001 file. I know there's a memetic kill agent embedded there (I overheard the Director talking about it while I was trying to get his attention one day), so I

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

im going to look at it and die and maybe then people will notice me

@@ @@

@@ @@

guess i still have some tears left its ok nobody will see them

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Gilly, if you ever read this, don't feel bad. It's not your fault. I love you no matter what.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Chin up, girl. For science.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Edit**: Hey world, say hello to the newest member of the 001 family. I changed my number and containment class again. Oh, and somehow I didn't die. Clearly. Silly little Stephanie Humboldt, who nobody can see, is now SCP-001, with an Unknown class, because I don't know what the hell to do anymore.

@@ @@

I have one last idea. I'm going to find Gilly and hold onto him until he knows I'm there. I'm not going to let go. If I have to spend the rest of my life like this, I at least want to be with someone I love. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

OK sorry that might sound weird, I'll give him privacy to shower and use the bathroom and whatever. Maybe I'll swap out to Andie or Shen or someone else every so often. But it's the only thing I have left. I'll sing to him. I'll cry on his shoulder. If he bleeds, I'll guide my hand to the wound until it heals. I'll tremble and i won t be able to stop because i dont know i dont know why am i like this why cant i fix it why cant people see me why des the hume readng say im normal why didnt the sra work why did my brother forget about me why is this happening why is this happening why sis thid ahappenfgi gwhy why wyu why hwyw hwy why whwy wynwyw ybww yw nwy wynwny wwby wynwywynwbwywynwy wtby

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**Addendum**:  Stephanie Mildred Humboldt, she/her, 24, Engineer for the SCP Foundation, Site 203, Level-1 clearance. Status: ACTIVE.

Tell my brother I said hello.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8436](SCP-8436) | SCP-8437 | [SCP-8438](SCP-8438) >>
