**Item #:** SCP-8805

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** To dissuade visitors from entering ███ █████ Forest, the majority of hiking routes have been closed under the pretense of felled trees and other safety reasons. Future hunting seasons are to be cancelled under the pretense of population concerns. Efforts to dissuade visitation to the Forest are to continue until a better understanding of the anomaly is established.

Missing individuals are to be considered deceased. Satellite imagery is to be used in an attempt to locate undiscovered corpses.

**Description:** SCP-8805 is a series of unexplained disappearances and deaths in ███ █████ Forest, Pennsylvania. The phenomenon has so far affected 16 individuals: Of these, 12 are male and 13 are over the age of 18.

To date, only two (2) corpses have been recovered. See Document 8805-b42.

**Addendum-01:** Phenomena Overview

> **13-June-████**

> ~~-~~-

> Nathan Tucker (28) and Cameron Hoffman (26), local residents, depart for ███ █████ Forest with the intention of deer hunting. Although June is off-season for deer hunting, according to those that knew them, both had a history of illegal hunting and were known to the Forest's management.    

> **19-June-████**

> ~~-~~-

> Hoffman’s wife raises concerns with the sheriff as he is yet to return from the Forest. Her concerns are disregarded; Hoffman has a history of alcoholism and encounters with law enforcement.  

> **21-June-████**

> ~~-~~-

> Hoffman’s wife again contacts the sheriff’s office, and informs officials of her husband’s intent to illegally hunt. Upon launching a search, Tucker and Hoffman’s vehicles are located on █████ Road within the Forest. 

> **24-June-████**

> ~~-~~-

> After two days, Tucker’s rifle and several of his belongings are located deep within the Forest. In the vicinity are the corpses of an adult doe and a spotted fawn. There is no sign of Hoffman.

> **28-June-████**

> ~~-~~-

> The search is called off.

> **July-████**

> ~~-~~-

> Three Italian tourists on a tour through Appalachia disappear. Their rental car is stolen post-disappearance. Their link to ███ █████ Forest is only discovered through Foundation analysis.

> **06-September-████**

> ~~-~~-

> Hoffman’s body is located by hikers within an overgrown thicket. Due to the summer heat and exposure, the corpse is too deteriorated to determine the cause of death. The coroner deems it death by misadventure.

> **September→November-████**

> ~~-~~-

> Five more individuals disappear in or around the Forest. The Foundation becomes aware of the situation, commences an investigation and suppresses publicity and further police action.

> **29-November-████**

> ~~-~~-

> Oliver Campbell (41), Asher Hall (39), Theodore Rudge (37), and Theo Rudge Jr. (17) departed their residences for a hunt to coincide with the opening of the firearms season. The trip was an annual tradition for Campbell, Hall, and Rudge Sr., with this being the first year Rudge Jr. joined. None of the men return home. 

> **30-November-████**

> ~~-~~-

> A search is launched. 

> **01-December-████**

> ~~-~~-

> A 911 call is made by an individual claiming to be Theo Rudge Jr. Transcript of the call follows:

> 

>> **Dispatch:** Hello, what is your emergency?

>> 

>> **Rudge:** Help me! Oh god you need to help me please I don’t know where I am.

>> 

>> **Dispatch:** Sir please calm down, can you tell me where you are?

>> 

>> **Rudge:** I don’t know. I can’t move. I think *[unintelligible]* grabbed me.

>> 

>>  **Dispatch:** Can you repeat that? You think someone’s kidnapped you?

>> 

>> **Rudge:** I’m in a bag or a sack. I can’t move much and it’s dark and wet, it’s really wet in here.

>> 

>>  **Dispatch:**  What’s the last thing you remember?

>> 

>> **Rudge:** I was in the forest with my Dad. Please get me back to my Dad.

>> 

>>  **Dispatch:** Sir, what’s your name? Is your father still with you? 

>> 

>> **Rudge:** My name’s Theo, Theo Rudge. I don’t know where- 

> 

> The call ended abruptly. Cell phone triangulation refined the area the call originated from, but was unable to provide an exact location. Given the contents relayed by Rudge, the police search focused on riverbeds in the area provided by triangulation.

> **07-December-████**

> ~~-~~-

> Asher Hall’s corpse is found by a member of the search party as they were leaving the targeted area. Hall was located inland, a significant distance away from any body of water. 

> **09-December-████**

> ~~-~~-

> An autopsy reveals Hall’s cause of death: drowning. 

> **14-December-████**

> ~~-~~-

> Intensifying winter conditions hamper the search for the other hunters. Two search volunteers go missing. The search is called off.

**Document 8805-b42:**

The following footage was retrieved from a trail-cam located ██m from the hunters' last known location, triggering Foundation involvement:

> **23-December-████**

> ~~-~~-

> A doe walks into the frame of the camera. Despite it being December, only a month post rut, she appears heavily pregnant. Her stomach is swollen. 

> 

> She appears restless, pacing before lying down on the ground.

> 

> Her back legs begin to kick as contractions begin. 

> 

> After several minutes, an object can be seen protruding from the deer’s vagina. It does not appear to be a fawn. 

> 

> As the contractions continue, the doe’s hindquarters begin to expand and grow in time with the contractions.

> 

> The object continues to protrude and progress through the birth canal. The object is identifiable: a human head. 

> 

> The head jolts in time with the doe’s contractions. The eyes are open. Embryonic fluid drips from the mouth.

> 

> Each contraction continues to expand the hindquarters, including the genitalia. The hindquarters are now near double their usual size – the doe does not appear to be in any physical discomfort bar that expected with birth. The head is followed by the body’s shoulders being pushed outwards.

> 

> The doe stands, and with a large contraction the corpse’s arms emerge and hang limply out of the animal.

> 

> Still experiencing contractions, the doe resumes pacing. With each contraction, the body is pushed further and further out of the vagina. 

> 

> As the body’s hips emerge from the doe, the weight of the torso pulls the entire body out of the birth canal. The corpse lands on the floor in a heap.

> 

> The entire process has lasted 23 minutes. The doe’s hindquarters return to regular size.

> 

> The corpse is identifiable as Oliver Campbell.

> 

> The doe stands still, staring at the body. After a moment, the creature runs into the Forest.

<< [SCP-8804](SCP-8804) | SCP-8805 | [SCP-8806](SCP-8806) >>

> **Filename:** doe.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [firedawnfolder Wiki](http://firedawnfolder.wikidot.com/dysadron-111)

> **Additional Notes:** Cropped from original.

> **Derivative Of:**

> **Name:** Early morning doe in the brush JAN 2016 (50554451271)

> **Author:** Daniel Stewart

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Early_morning_doe_in_the_brush_JAN_2016_(50554451271).jpg)
