=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8466

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Île d'Or, the Doré Plantation, and all information pertaining to either are to be destroyed or obfuscated in accordance with standard falsification protocols.

A 50 kilometer radius exclusion zone has been established surrounding Île d'Or. Foundation patrols in the Caribbean Sea are to intercept and remove and civilian vessels entering it.

Sugar produced by SCP-8466 is to be removed from the island and disposed of to reduce the risk of fire.

**Addendum 1/4/2000:** All SCP-8466 instances must be neutralized as soon as possible.

**Description:** SCP-8466 refers to the anomalous organisms located at the Doré Plantation of Île d'Or, Caribbean Sea. SCP-8466 instances are semi-humanoid and their physiology is apparently optimized for the cultivation and refinement of sugar cane (*Saccharum officinarum*).

Each SCP-8466 instance possesses four arms, with two being attached at the shoulder, termed "primary", and two attached just above each shoulder at a separate joint, termed "secondary". The primary limbs resemble a human arm, but elongated, with an average length of 1.5 meters per. The secondary limbs are significantly longer, with an average length of 3 meters. The right shoulder secondary limb terminates in a hand with 5 blade-like fingers with an average length of 40 centimeters. The left shoulder secondary limb is bulkier, and terminates in a single, bony, shovel-like digit. SCP-8466 instances are bipedal.

The height of an SCP-8466 instance varies, ranging from 1.4 meters to 2.5 meters, with an average height of 2 meters. SCP-8466 instances do not possess internal or external organs, and are instead composed entirely of a tan, clay-like substance.

SCP-8466 instances are autonomous, and carry out various tasks for the purposes of cultivating and refining sugarcane, and care of the Doré Plantation's numerous properties. These tasks commonly result in damage to or the destruction of SCP-8466 instances. When such occurs, nearby intact SCP-8466 instances will reshape the affected instance from its remains, restoring its functioning. Though SCP-8466 instances are apparently capable of complex reasoning, they will not react to stimuli unrelated to their tasks (including pain). As such, they are not considered to be sapient.

SCP-8466 instances constantly emit a mixture of water and blood from their eyes. The reason for this behavior is not currently understood.

There are 1811 known SCP-8466 instances.

SCP-8466 was discovered on 4 March 1999, following the discovery of historical accounts of human sacrifice taking place on Île d'Or for the purpose of creating "monsters". When the accounts were verified as authentic, a reconnaissance team was dispatched to the island, which quickly discovered SCP-8466.

**Addendum:** Origin of SCP-8466

On 31 December 1999, a cellar was uncovered as a result of SCP-8466's clearance of a section of dense forest for use as firewood. The following items were found within:

- Partial human remains, belonging to at least 57 separate persons

- A large mound of dried clay

- The partial remains of an indeterminate number of Caribbean sharp-nosed pufferfish (*Canthigaster rostrata*)

- The remnants of a complex symbol which resembles a Haitian vevè; specifically, the vevè corresponding to Baron Samedi, but with several significant alterations, most notably the ████████ ██ ████████ █████████ ████████ ███████.

- A safe found to contain large amounts of currency in several denominations.

- A leather-bound paper book, apparently used as a ledger for the plantation's finances.

Alongside the plantation's financial information, the ledger also contains several passages apparently written by an SCP-8466 instance. These passages are transcribed below (translated from French):

 

> I can write?

> Since he hasn't ordered the constraint of my hand, it seems I may freely write. I pray to God these words will be used to set us free.

> Months ago, an American visited us - one I had seen firsthand carry out vile experiments on another plantation. The next day, Doré lead him around, presenting us to him as if we were cattle at auction. Their gaze held on our son - a small boy, of little use in the field or mill. Fearing their intentions, I volunteered myself. Doré seemed reluctant, but ultimately accepted my sacrifice.

> They took me to this cellar, and made me drink a poison which put me to sleep. When I awoke, I was paralyzed, and they were cutting me to pieces. The American smiled as he carved me up. He told me I would be "the foundation of a new age of industry". At some point, I finally died. Baron Samedi did not greet me.

> I had become clay, like a caricature of Adam's creation. Doré held a fetish, and when he spoke into it, I couldn't resist his commands. Not even when they made me help do the same to my wife. Not even for our son.

> When the harvest came, we moved from the fields to the mill. I was crushed under the milling wheel, and died. For a moment, I was at peace, but I was soon dragged to back Earth. I was returned to my crushed body as it was reshaped at Doré's command. I did the same to someone else the next day. We are forced to deny each other our only respite; we are made both slaves and slave-masters.

> Doré eventually fired the other staff, assigning me to manage his finances for my ability to write. He has relied on me even more in these past weeks, having fallen ill. By coincidence or miracle, he dropped the fetish, and, having just been ordered to retrieve something for him, it fell into my path. I crushed it underfoot, but we were not freed. We remained bound to the commands he had already given.

> He wasted away in bed until he died. There is no Heaven for us, nor Hell, but I pray there is a Hell for him.

With unanimous Ethics Committee approval, it was determined that, based on the information contained within the ledger, all SCP-8466 instances must be neutralized as soon as possible. Currently, no method of neutralization is known.

<< [SCP-8465](SCP-8465) | SCP-8466 | [SCP-8467](SCP-8467) >>
