=====

=====

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en

|page=component:info-ayers

|authorPage= https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/trouts-authorpage

|comments=

> To pretend to be normal to be normal

> Well I guess that's the least that I owe ya

> To be normal in a way I couldn't be

> C'mon, c'mon, and love me normally

(Love, Me Normally - Will Wood)

SCP-8762 - Once Upon This Guy

[Image One.](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mikhail_Yershov_5.JPG)

]]

]

]

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8762 is to be housed in a standard humanoid containment chamber,.Modified in a way most commonly compared to "babyproofing". positioned centrally among several high-maintenance anomalies to weaken or nullify their effects. SCP-8762 is permitted to request activities to maintain its morale. However, any activities posing potential harm to SCP-8762 are to be denied.

**Description:** SCP-8762 is a ~~middle aged~~ man of indeterminate age who identifies himself as "Steve"..SCP-8762 has responded to a variety of names, including, but not limited to; Hubert, Larry, John, Bob, and Juggletron. No records of SCP-8762 exist in any known country, region, or sovereign state. Physically, SCP-8762 is non-anomalous and has the same physiological requirements as typical humans.

SCP-8762 has one noticeable, yet extremely potent anomalous effect: whenever SCP-8762 is within close proximity of any anomalous location or object, their abilities will temporarily cease; the reason behind this is currently unknown. Anomalous personnel will remain conscious, although any abilities will cease until SCP-8762 exits the anomalies proximity. SCP-8762 must be awake, conscious, and in a healthy mental state for this to occur. .Although entering REM sleep doesn't negate this effect, medically induced comas appear to do so.

SCP-8762 was first discovered at Site-01. Camera footage showed SCP-8762 wandering through the hallways for fifteen minutes, appearing extremely confused. After being noticed by several security guards, SCP-8762 was detained and interviewed. Extensive testing revealed that SCP-8762 was not associated with any known group of interest.

SCP-8762 emits no Humes, Akiva radiation, or any forms of anomalous energy, thereby eliminating the possibility of it being a weapon. After it temporarily neutralized SCP-001, it was designated as SCP-8762.

Below is an interview log between SCP-8762 and Foundation researcher Elizabeth Carter.

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Elizabeth Carter

> @@ @@

> **Interviewee:** SCP-8762

> @@ @@

> ----

> 

> **BEGIN LOG**

> 

> ----

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** Good afternoon Steve, hope everything is going well with you.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** It's going good.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** Excellent. I'm going to ask you a few things if that's alright with you, need to learn a bit about you and whatnot.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** Go ahead.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** Can you tell me about your background? Where are you from?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** No clue.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** Pardon?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** Just woke up here, really.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** You don't remember anything about your past? Family, friends, occupation?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** No, sorry.

> @@ @@

> *SCP-8762 picks its nose, looking around the room for a moment.*

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** ...let's discuss your daily routine. What do you usually do during the day?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** I wake up, have breakfast, walk around a bit, maybe read a book or watch TV, then I have lunch, walk around some more, have dinner.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** And?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** Then I go to bed.

> @@ @@

> *Dr. Carter pauses.*

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** So you don't remember anything before appearing.

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** Seems so.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** But you do have a plan for every day, despite the fact you don't remember why you're here? Or anything?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** Just what comes to mind when you mention it, can't really remember doing that.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** I see. Do you have any hobbies? *Interests?*

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** Not really. I just do normal things.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** What exactly are "normal" things?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** Watching TV, mainly.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** What do you watch? Movies? Any shows?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** The weather channel.

> @@ @@

> *Dr. Carter clenches her fist around her pen. SCP-8762 does not notice.*

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** How do you feel about not having any history or memories prior to your appearance here? For all that we know, you could have a family searching for you, or maybe a big career, or-

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** I guess it's a bit strange, but I don't think about it much.

> @@ @@

> **Dr. Carter:** ...And if we were to ask you to stay here for an extended period, how would you feel about that?

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8762:** Don't have anywhere else to be.

> @@ @@

> ----

> 

> **END LOG**

> 

> ----

Following confirmation of SCP-8762's anomalous traits, it was exposed to several minor anomalies to test the limits of its abilities.

> **Test 1**

> **Anomaly:** [SCP-6161](SCP-6161), a cake knife that causes all cut objects to become cake.

> **Results:** SCP-8762 used SCP-6161 on various items, all resulting in nothing remarkable. He frowned, proclaiming that "You me promised cake, this is a knife."

> **Test 5**

> **Anomaly:** [SCP-3794](SCP-3794), a sledgehammer that converts living tissue to pico de gallo salsa when swung with sufficient force. Biological material conversed into salsa will cauterize at the edge of conversion.

> **Results:** {{[TESTING HALTED PER O5 ORDER]}}

> **Test 8**

> **Anomaly:** [SCP-609](SCP-609), a growing collection of identical green billiard balls capable of being moved telepathically.

> **Results:** SCP-8762 is requested to attempt to move SCP-609. Upon attempting for several minutes, .During this time, SCP-8762 held out its hands and loudly grunted, sweating and growing red.  it responded, exhausted; "That's enough thinking for now."

> **Test 11**

> **Anomaly:** [SCP-113](SCP-113), a small gemstone capable of causing anyone who touches it to swap biological sexes.

> **Results:** Results pending. SCP-8762's sex is currently unknown, as all biological scans give mixed results. When asked, it replied with "I'm John."

> **Test 13**

> **Anomaly:** [SCP-6914](SCP-6914), a small sign that says "KEEP OFF GRASS". If individuals step on grass located near SCP-6914, they will then be struck by lightning.

> **Results:** SCP-8762 proceeded to step on the grass with no issues, although later stated that it felt "a bit inconsiderate."

> **Test 44**

> **Anomaly:** SCP-173

> **Results:** Initially, SCP-8762 stood within the same room as SCP-173 and did not report any findings. Shortly afterwards, however, personnel report a mild swelling in SCP-8762's face, which it attributed to "a mild peanut allergy"..SCP-8762 had no known allergies, nor has it eaten any peanuts.@@ @@ Moments later, SCP-8762 spontaneously combusted.

Following its untimely death, personnel discovered that its remains still shared the same properties as the anomaly itself. Lead theories suggest that SCP-8762 "absorbed" the properties of other anomalies. Because of this, smaller fragments of it are still capable of weakening anomalous effects. Following research, a new, revised file for SCP-8762 is available below.

<details>
<summary>View revision?</summary>

**Description:** SCP-8762 is the prototype known as the "Scranton Reality Anchor".

</details>

<< [SCP-8761](SCP-8761) | SCP-8762 | [SCP-8763](SCP-8763) >>

=====

> **Filename:** guy.JPG

> **Name:** Mikhail Yershov 5

> **Author:** Andrey Yefimov

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Mikhail_Yershov_5.JPG

=====
