=====

=====

]

SCP-8398 — Lonely Cancerian Siren

By 

[My Author Page!](frozen-fox-page )

**Item #:** SCP-8398

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8398 is housed in a humanoid containment cell outfitted with drainage grates in the floor. The cell is to undergo monthly maintenance to remedy damage caused by seawater corrosion. While maintenance is ongoing, SCP-8398 is to be restrained, and personnel must wear noise-suppression equipment to prevent exposure to SCP-8398’s vocalizations.

When personnel are present, SCP-8398 must not be allowed to sing.

**Description:** SCP-8398 resembles a young woman with multiple crustacean characteristics. It possesses numerous chitinous growths scattered across its body, similar in composition to carapaces found in crustacean species. While most growths are broad and flat, the growths emerging from the legs and cranial area are sharp and pointed like spines. SCP-8398 is capable of aquatic respiration — testing has indicated the presence of an apparent branchial chamber within its neck.

SCP-8398 also possesses two bilaterally symmetrical dorsal appendages protruding from its back. These appendages bear a strong resemblance to the front legs and chelae found in many cancriform organisms. SCP-8398 exhibits some degree of motor control over these appendages. 

It refers to them as its “wings”.

When SCP-8398 sings, it results in several anomalous effects. Sea salt aerosols will begin to manifest in the air around it, while sea foam will start to appear at its feet. The radius of this effect — as well as the quantity of the manifested substances — gradually increases as SCP-8398 continues to sing. Researchers have frequently discovered the decomposing carcasses of various marine animals amidst the manifested sea foam. 

SCP-8398 attests no knowledge regarding the origin of these carcasses.

Individuals who hear SCP-8398’s singing firsthand report feelings of intense dread and an overwhelming desire to flee the area. Subjects seemingly exhibit an inability to do so, however, and will remain transfixed on SCP-8398 until its vocalizations cease. Subjects have been observed weeping after listening for an extended duration. This does not appear to be intentional on SCP-8398’s part. Should it notice this weeping, it will promptly stop singing and express mild annoyance.

SCP-8398 will slowly gesticulate its “wings” when it sings.

**Addendum:** Interview

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Fox:** Why do people respond that way to your music? Based on your reaction, it doesn’t seem you want that.

**SCP-8398:** I’m sorry, I don’t mean to upset them, but it can’t be helped. The songs I sing, they’re not for your Foundation’s ears.

**Dr. Fox:** Then who are you singing for?

**SCP-8398:** *(smiles)* My love, who came from the sea.

**Dr. Fox:** Your love?

**SCP-8398:** She’s the one who gave me my wings.

**Dr. Fox:** You’re saying you weren’t always like this?

**SCP-8398:** It was what I asked for. I wished to be able to join her beneath the waves. So my love, she imbued me with the sea, so that we could always be together.

**Dr. Fox:** And *what* exactly is she? Someone else like you?

**SCP-8398:** No, she is something *far* more wondrous. Someone who, that day we met, could hear my lonely voice from the [furthest depths](SCP-9301 ) of the ocean, and rose all the way to the surface to answer with a song of her own.

**Dr. Fox:** Could you tell me more about her?

**SCP-8398:** *(laughs)* What exactly do you wish to hear, doctor? Shall I tell you about her loving, frigid embrace? Her gleaming abyssal-black eyes? Her hauntingly resplendent voice? 

**SCP-8398:** *(sighs)*  All I want is to sing with her again. When will you release me from this prison so that I may return to her?

**Dr. Fox:** I’m sorry, I’m afraid it’s not possible for us to let you go.

**SCP-8398:** I see. Then allow me to offer a word of warning.

**Dr. Fox:** And what would that be?

**SCP-8398:** If I am unable to return to the one I love, then it’s only a matter of time before she’ll scour the oceans to find me. You would be wise to be ready if she does.

**<End>**

**Incident Report:**

On ████/██/██, SCP-8398 extended its “wings” and began singing at a volume exceeding 100dB. This caused rapid manifestation of seawater and organic detritus that swiftly filled the entire cell. Even while suspended underwater, however, SCP-8398 continued to sing. After approximately six minutes, its vocalizations ceased, and the water quickly drained away.

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Fox:** Would you care to explain what that was about?

**SCP-8398:** I did it for her, the one I love. Every day I sing to her, but the longer I’ve been here, the harder it has become for her to hear me. Which is why today I let the waters take me, just for a moment, so my voice could reach her clearly.

**Dr. Fox:** And how exactly did filling your cell with dirty seawater accomplish that?

**SCP-8398:** *(smiles)* Isn’t it obvious? Sound carries better in water, after all.

**Dr. Fox:** Well, tell me, did she hear it?

**SCP-8398:** Indeed. It made her very happy. So much so, that she made a wonderful decision. She will be coming here to free me soon, so that we may sing together once more.

**SCP-8398:** And she is bringing the whole sea with her.

**<End>**

<< [SCP-8397](SCP-8397) | SCP-8398 | [SCP-8399](SCP-8399) >>

> **Filename:** LobsterWing.jpeg

> **Name:** Lobster Claw 04

> **Author:** Art Prof

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/189561381@N07/52311896523/in/photostream/)

> **Additional Notes:** Rotated and slightly cropped on one side by 

> **Filename:** DiscSite.jpg

> **Name:** Tide Pools

> **Author:** Steve Jurvetson

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/44124348109@N01/126165234)
