=====

=====

**Item:** 8429

**Containment Class:** Safe

**Containment Protocols:** Item 8429 is kept at Facility 04 in a standard storage locker with a five-metre exclusion zone around it. Foundation personnel must not spend more than fifteen cumulative minutes per day within five meters of Item 8429.

All individuals entering Facility 04 must be searched for new tattoos. Facility staff possessing a tattoo indicative of Item 8429 influence must be denied entry and evaluated for reassignment from Facility 04.

**UPDATE:** All interactions with Item 8429 are prohibited indefinitely. All entities are strictly prohibited from coming within five metres of Item 8429.

**Description:** Item 8429 is a formal three-piece outfit consisting of a white jacket, black waistcoat, and white trousers, all in Men’s Medium (US) size, and with ‘Doctor’s Orders’ sewn into all tags.

Individuals regularly near the Item develop a compulsion to be tattooed with the phrase ‘Mr. [name], from Little Misters ® by Dr. Wondertainment’, substituting a unique English word into the ‘name’ section; homographs, such as 'Mr. Prime', 'Mr. Minute', or 'Mr. Silence', also produce a compulsion to wear the Item.

Fulfilling compulsions produces no anomalous effects. Individuals report feelings of dissatisfaction or frustration, and will voluntarily relinquish the Item, acquiring a new tattoo if compulsions persist; standard psychological treatment is effective in removing compulsions.

Since acquisition, Facility 04 receives a posted copy of Document 8429/A every second Wednesday, with a UPS Express shipping label addressed to 1515 Mulberry Lane, Chicago, South AfricaThis address does not exist. on the reverse; an additional letter is periodically enclosed with an increasing monetary reward for returning the Item.

**Addendum:** Document 8429/A

> **Woah there buddy!** You aren’t supposed to have this New Little Mister, an unfinished and cancelled collectible from Dr. Wondertainment!

> 

> **Please return them to be Mr. Helpful!!**

> 

> [01. Mr. Leaf](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7394)

> 02. Mr. Present (discontinued)

> [03. Mr. Shadows (discontinued)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1984)

> 04. Mr. Matches 

> 05. Mr. Watches (discontinued)

> 06. Mr. Ties & Mrs. Suits (recalled)

> 07. Mr. Skin (recalled)

> 08. Mr. Bone (recalled)

> [09. Mr. Subject (discontinued)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8942)

> 10. Mr. Yawn (discontinued)

> 11. Mr. Tears (recalled)

> 12. Mr. Fish (discontinued)

> 13. Mr. Hide & Mr. Hunt (recalled)

> 14. Mr. Shifter (discontinued)

> 15. Mr. Weather (recalled)

> 16. Mr. Twister (cancelled)

> 17. Mr. Stuff (cancelled)

> 18. Mr. Message (recalled)

> 19. Mr. (cancelled) ✔

> 20. Mr. (cancelled)

**Addendum 2:**

A final copy of Document 8429/A was received on ██/██/████ with the following handwritten letter:

> *Dear Reader,*

> 

> *Did you know the human soul is like a clay pot?*

> 

> *Think about it – moist and malleable at the beginning, it is so receptive to sculpting the very spinning of the potter’s wheel rounds it, even before any intentional shaping occurs. Over time it dries out, adopting a definite form and gradually resisting changes, eventually becoming so hard and brittle it cannot be meaningfully changed without breaking it.*

> 

> *You can paint the exterior, colour it red or purple or blue, thinning the paint for nuance or slathering it to look crude… but only the appearance changes. Underneath, it is the same.*

> 

> *For that you could paddle against the currents of time, follow the river of its history back; find a place to build a dam, force the river to adopt a new course toward the destination you desire. But many, many trees must perish as lumber to build it, and the lands once downstream will suffer without the river.*

> 

> *Often it is easier to make the clay malleable again, like a candy syrup – firmly holding the shape of its container when cold, but viscous once heated on a stove, able to be stretched, folded, stretched again until the whole is homogenised with the colours and flavours added to the surface.*

> 

> *If it can’t be heated? This is the art of casting and moulds. If a balloon’s shape is near but imperfect to what is desired, a paper mâché husk can be made on it; when the balloon is popped the interior can be adjusted, creating a perfect mould which forces the clay cast into it to perfectly harden into the creator’s vision.*

> 

> *In any case, the clay will always take a form regardless of intent behind it. It is always drying; if the potter’s hand doesn’t sculpt it into something beautiful, chance will use the spinning wheel to make it simple and crude, robust, and incorrigible.*

> 

> *I do not know why Mr. Present gave you one of my canvases; but I am no longer bidding to regain it. I will still accept it* when *you change your mind – but there will be no reward.*

> 

> *I am interested to see what you return to me.*

> 

> -- *Dr. Wondertainment.*

<< [SCP-8428](SCP-8428) | SCP-8429 | [SCP-8430](SCP-8430) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
