[The Eternal MxTape](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-eternal-mxtape) / [No Return](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/no-return-hub) >> VNP-8581

<details>
<summary>Content Warnings</summary>

This article contains attempted deadnaming, lesbo/transphobia, and a panic attack.

</details>

---

**Item №:** VNP-8581

**Specifications:** A thaumaturge named [Mx. Wren Masterson](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-eternal-mxtape), age 37. Capable of thoughtographic.The ability to write mental information onto a physical storage medium, such as psychically developing images on film. magic and limited manipulation of 'pataphysics, Mx. Masterson is a member of the anarchosocialist activist/hacktivist group "[Gamers Against Weed](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/gamers-against-weed-hub)".Formerly classified as Group of Interest-5869 by Vanguard's predecessor., where they go by the alias "steakshift".

Mx. Masterson is the creator of [VNP-4581](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4581), a bootleg cassette tape of Dead Kennedys' *In God We Trust, Inc.// that was used to shut down fascist propaganda, police brutality, and SCP Foundation operations. The original VNP-4581 was rendered inert by [The Impasse](scp-6500), with Mx. Masterson being reticent to recreate it.

**Normalization Protocols:** Mx. Masterson co-headed a press conference with their partner - Doctor Penelope Gore of Lighthouse 121 - explaining their history with and role within Gamers Against Weed. Doctor Gore subsequently explained the specifics of [Operation CLOWNFISH](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/being-known) and her prior interactions with Mx. Masterson, and how it all pertained to the Foundation's flawed interpretations of both. See log below.

Mx. Masterson was a guest speaker in a separate press conference, detailing their knowledge of 'pataphysics.

****Update:**** As a result of Incident 8581 and its consequences, questions to Mx. Masterson pertaining to their history with the anartist collective [Are We Cool Yet?](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/are-we-cool-yet-hub).Formerly classified as GOI-2979 by Vanguard's predecessor. are to be firmly dismissed for their protection.

**Addendum 8581-1 - Incident 8581:**

Shortly before the premature end of Mx. Masterson's inaugural press conference, they experienced a panic attack resulting from an unauthorized series of questions asked by a member of the crowd.Later identified as Rory Almond Smith, a member of the "alt-right" conspiracy site Knights of Truth.. The incident is transcribed below.

**Masterson:** Alright! Does anybody have any questions? Or want me to demonstrate my l'il "ghost" projection technique?

*(In the crowd, Smith raises his hand.)*

**Masterson:** Yes, you with the chess knight on his shirt?

*(Doctor Gore's eyes widen almost imperceptibly, and places her hand on Masterson's shoulder. Mx. Masterson does not react.)*

**Smith:** Yeah, hi. Are you the one responsible for the artifact Vanguard calls [VNP-4784](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-4784)?

*(Mx. Masterson freezes, while the crowd begins to murmur. Doctor Gore shoots a glare in Smith's direction. He simply smirks in response.)*

**Masterson:** W-what?

**Smith:** TV in the middle of Tilford's Folly, Hornor's Crossing, Ontario. Plays an Are We Cool Yet? film that caused the disappearances of five people? Made by one Developer, AKA An--

*(Masterson begins to hyperventilate, their pupils dilating. Doctor Gore takes the microphone away from Masterson, who does not react.)*

**Gore:** This line of questioning is grossly inappropriate for this conference. If you don't leave now, we will be forced to send security.

**Smith:** Fuck off, you dyke.

*(Doctor Gore clenches her fists.)*

**Gore:** SECURITY--!

**Smith:** *(Simultaneously)* Clementia Schweiger...

*(Mx. Masterson begins pawing at their throat, gasping.)*

**Smith:** Toni Vitela...

*(Sweat beads down Mx. Masterson's forehead.)*

**Smith:** Kathleen Stich...

*(Tears start running down Mx. Masterson's cheeks.)*

**Smith:** David Aylmer Brock...

*(Mx. Masterson falls to the floor, curling into a fetal position as they continue to gasp for air.)*

**Smith:** Devon Sundi--

*(Smith is punched in the face by another member of the crowd.Later identified as Esther, AKA lesbian_gengar.. The audience jeers at Smith, as Vanguard security officers locate him and forcefully drag him off the premises.)*

**Gore:** I'm so sorry, everyone, but this press conference is over.

**Addendum 8581-2 -- Post-incident conversation between Mx. Masterson and Doctor Gore:**

**Note:** The following has been appended to this document with Mx. Masterson and Dr. Gore's consent.

---

*(Doctor Gore walks into the backstage area, holding a cup of water. Mx. Masterson is seated on a couch, hands on their face. Although they are still hyperventilating, it is less severe than it was before.)*

*(Doctor Gore sits down next to Mx. Masterson, who does not react to their presence.)*

**Gore:** Wren... 

*(Mx. Masterson does not respond.)*

**Gore:** *Wren*...

*(Mx. Masterson still does not respond. Hesitantly, Doctor Gore scoots closer, and gives them a gentle nudge.)*

**Gore:** ... Steakshift?

*(Mx. Masterson stops their hyperventilation, and looks blearily at Doctor Gore; tear streaks running down their face. Doctor Gore extends the cup of water towards them.)*

**Gore:** Drink this... *Please*?

*(After a few seconds, Mx. Masterson takes the cup, and downs the contents. They stare at the empty cup for a few moments, before crushing it in their hand and tossing it into a nearby bin.)*

**Masterson:** *(Hoarsely)* ... Thanks...

**Gore:** Don't mention it.

*(The two of them sit in silence for one minute, after which Mx. Masterson sighs and sits upright, turning to look at Doctor Gore.)*

**Masterson:** I shoulda seen this coming...

**Gore:** Wren, don't say that. There's no way you could've known--

**Masterson:** It's such a predictable plot twist, though! Setting up for a happy ending, only for a *diabolus ex machina* to come in and yank the rug out from underneath.

**Gore:** This wasn't your fault--

**Masterson:** *Of course* it wasn't! This was the universe punishing me... *(They sniffle.)*

*(Doctor Gore places both of her hands on Mx. Masterson's shoulders. Mx. Masterson's breath hitches, shuddering. Their skin is cold.)*

**Gore:** Listen to me, Wren. You are the smartest, most resourceful person I've ever known. Even more than my colleagues at work, past or present.

*(Mx. Masterson is quiet for a few moments, before they let out a wet, shaky laugh. Doctor Gore smiles.)*

**Gore:** You -- *we'll* get through this. Together. Even if it means facing these challenges head on.

*(Mx. Masterson smiles, but then frowns, hugging themselves and rocking back and forth.)*

**Masterson:** ... W-what if the public never accepts me, after what I did as the Developer?

*(Doctor Gore smiles softly.)*

**Gore:** In my professional opinion, you've more than made up for it. But, if it makes you feel better, we've been talking with the governments about providing clemency to former members of AWCY?, so long as they don't reoffend.

*(Mx. Masterson starts to say something, but is cut off by Doctor Gore kissing them on the lips. They freeze up for few moments, before they reciprocate.)*

*(After 30 seconds, Doctor Gore pulls away from Mx. Masterson, grinning.)*

**Gore:** And something tells me that won't be a problem for you.

*(Mx. Masterson laughs, then brings Doctor Gore into a more prolonged kiss.)*

---

<details>
<summary>Closure</summary>

**KNOCK**

**KNOCK**

**KNOCK**

... Yes?

Hi, Mister Vitela, my name is Wren Masterson. Can I--

**SLAM!**

... Come in?

... Fuck.

It's okay, Wren. Let's try one of the other homes.

...

**KNOCK**

**KNOCK**

**KNOCK**

... Oh, it's *you*.

Yes, um, hi, Ms. Stich. Can I come in?

You have the nerve to show your face on *my* doorstep, after what *your* "art" did to *my daughter*? No, I don't think I will let you in. Get the fuck off my property, before I call the police.

Don't let it get to you, Wren. I'm right here.

...

**KNOCK**

**KNOCK**

**KNOCK**

Fuck off, you murderer.

**SLAM!**

(Sniffling)

Only two more homes. You can do this, babe.

...

**KNOCK**

**KNOCK**

**KNOCK**

Why? Why did you think coming to my home would help me? All I can see, when I look at your face, is the knowledge that my son is gone, *erased*, and never coming back. All because of *you*.

...

Get out.

**SLAM!**

...

...

**KNOCK**

**KNOCK**

**KNOCK**

Miss Schweiger, it's Wren Masterson. Can I come in?

Of course, dear... My Clem told me *so much* about you...

</details>

---

**Addendum 8581-3 -- Excerpt from Mx. Masterson's guest speech during Vanguard's introductory press conference on 'pataphysics:**

*(Mx. Masterson walks into the conference space, accompanied by Doctor Gore. The crowd immediately breaks into a chorus of murmurs, which ceases once Mx. Masterson raises their hand and grabs onto the microphone.)*

**Masterson:** Thank you all for coming.

Before I go into what I was brought here for, I'd like to go off script for a moment and make a few statements.

*(They pause for a moment, then turn to Doctor Gore, who gives them a nod of encouragement.)*

**Masterson:** *(Clears their throat)* Okay, so, back in the mid-to-late oughts, I was a member of the artist collective Are We Cool Yet?.

I shouldn't have to tell you this, but AWCY? were not nice people. They didn't care about whether their installations killed, maimed, or mentally scarred their audiences. 

But I didn't know that, back then. I was young and wanted to express myself. So I put together a short film, created a fake TV and patch of roses, placed them in a field in Hornor's Crossing, and set the film to play on a loop.

The message of the film I made isn't important. What's important was its effect. It drew people in, engrossing them, and then after a point made them vanish from this reality completely.

*(Mx. Masterson lets out a sniffle, tears welling up in their eyes.)*

**Masterson:** B-But I fucked up. I didn't consider that they might not have a way to... come b-back.

Toni, Stich, Brock, Devon, C-Clem... they were gone, and I couldn't fix it.

But I tried to.

I watched my own film, desperate to wrench my friends from whatever had a hold of them. And I found...

Nothing.

And then that *Nothing* spat me back the hell out.

I was a mess, for a long time. If it wasn't for F-- [a friend](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-not-too-distant-future) who helped me through my derealization and panic, I wouldn't be standing here today.

I left AWCY?, needless to say. I found a [new group of friends](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/gamers-against-weed-hub), ones who wouldn't judge me for my past, who were lead by someone who went through [ circumstances](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-1168) similar to mine.

The pain of what I've done has never truly gone away. I still feel that *guilt*, gnawing at me from the inside. And that "Truther" helped open the wounds I bared for everyone to see, made me feel like I was about to die all over again.

*(They sigh, taking a drink of water. Doctor Gore places a hand on their shoulder in reassurance.)*

**Masterson:** I can't bring back the people I've lost. But I can atone in other ways.

I've tried talking with the surviving families of those five viewers, tried bringing them closure. If I was lucky, I would just get the door slammed in my face. Only one of them was gracious to let in, and let me use one of their names for what I have planned.

That's why I've decided to announce, with the cooperation of Vanguard, the Clementia Schweiger Recompense Fund. Used to help provide reparations to those who have lost friends and family to Are We Cool Yet?'s installations, mine included. I, of course, will be making a substantial donation with my own funds to help kickstart the proceedings.

I hope you and I can use this as a next step to our healing, and make this world a better place.

*(The crowd applauds. Doctor Gore squeezes their shoulders, then gives them a kiss on the cheek, before stepping back.)*

**Masterson:** Thank you, everyone. Now, for what you actually came for.

Tell me, what do you all know about *metafiction*?

@@ @@

<< [VNP-8580](scp-8580) | VNP-8581 | [VNP-8582](scp-8582) >>

**Filename:** wren.jpg

**Name:** Undercut

**Author:** emmanuellexlouise

**License:** CC-BY 2.0

**Source:** [*https://flic.kr/p/f396xm Flickr]
