=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8828

**Object Class:** Pending

**Special Containment Procedures:**June 15th, 2011 SCP-8828 is to be kept in Site-19’s Parapharmacalogical reserve. Testing is to be performed exclusively on D-Class personnel and staff in critical condition as a result of exposure to anomalous phenomena. Test subjects are to be monitored for fifteen days following initial dose in an isolated containment chamber per standard protocol. All testing is to require the direct approval of a lead researcher of the Parapharmacology Department as well as the express consent of any non-D-Class subject, assuming they are not comatose or otherwise unable to communicate.

**Description:**June 15th, 2011 SCP-8828 is a substance developed by the Foundation Parapharmacology Department to combat the symptoms of SCP-████ exposure. SCP-8828 utilizes an anomalous organic compound found in the blood of organisms native to the region in which all known SCP-████ instances have been recovered from. The exact mechanisms by which this compound functions is not entirely clear, though it is believed to be the primary factor in the survival of organisms in the presence of SCP-████. Preliminary testing has shown SCP-8828 to be an incredibly potent drug capable of vastly increasing the strength of the respiratory system, facilitating the production of a thin film around the trachea and bronchi which seemingly neutralizes SCP-████ spores. 

Potential applications of SCP-8828 in other anomalous medical contexts are currently being considered. 

**Addendum 8828.1 — First Full Trial Completed**June 24th, 2011

On June 9th, 2011, D-13531, D-22342, and D-12454 were ordered to enter SCP-████’s containment chamber, where they waited for ten minutes, and were then transported directly to separate holding cells, at which point SCP-8828 was administered. As of June 24th, SCP-████ exposure symptoms have not developed, and no adverse side effects have been observed. Each has purported an increased lung capacity and better overall health. All three D-Class personnel have been cleared for use in unrelated experimentation and containment efforts. 

**Addendum 8828.2 — Second Trial Begins**July 5th, 2011

On June 26th, 2011, two MTF operatives (Jonathan Croom, Viviane Mehlman) in critical condition as a result of SCP-████ exposure three months prior were administered SCP-8828 and placed in holding cells fitted with all necessary medical equipment to ensure survival for the duration of the trial. In the following nine days, the status of both improved drastically, with the presence of SCP-████ spores having become so low that extubation was approved. Vital signs are now near normality in both cases. 

On June 30th, D-22342 reported a sharp pain in the chest as well as soreness in the throat to the SCP-8828 research team, two early symptoms of SCP-████ related illness. In the following days, the other two subjects in the first trial reported similar issues. On July 1st, all three were administered an additional dose of SCP-8828 and placed in a communal holding cell. Complaints of chest pain and throat soreness have persisted though no new symptoms have arisen. 

**Addendum 8828.3 — Incident Report** July 10th, 2011

On July 10th, 2011, after complaining of continually worsening chest and throat pain and later congestion for several days, D-22342 began vomiting a mixture of phlegm and SCP-8828-produced film uncontrollably for several minutes before expectorating a large growth of pulmonary tissue. In the following hours, bronchioles began to protrude from its pharynx, nasal cavity, soft palette, and hard palette. Alveoli sprouted from the discharged tissue, which had already affixed itself to the floor via a network of bronchi-like growths. Throughout this period, D-22342 frantically attempted to rip out the pulmonary matter, an effort which resulted in immense blood loss and severe facial disfigurement. This proved frivolous as growth continued at an increasing rate.

D-13531 and D-12454 have repeatedly attempted to escape from the chamber as D-22342’s situation continues to deteriorate. The door remains secure. 

**Addendum 8828.4 — SCP-8828-1** July 16th, 2011

SCP-8828-1 is the collective respiratory system of D-13531, D-22342, and D-12454. The structure is largely formed from a massive network of bronchi that extend to fill its containment chamber. Smaller bronchioles branch off from these larger sections of pulmonary tissue — as thick as five centimeters in diameter — which themselves extend out into smaller and smaller branches, covered in alveoli. The chamber is filled with roughly seven thousand liters of pleural fluid. 

Approximately every six seconds, the volume of the containment chamber will increase dramatically as the walls, floor, and ceiling budge sharply outward before contracting to their original shape. A thick film has developed around all of these surfaces. 

The bodies of D-13531, D-22342, and D-12454 are entangled in a web of tracheal growths that has coalesced in one corner of the cell. They are heavily disfigured, with large lacerations covering their heads, necks, and chests, revealing large tumors that have replaced most internal tissue. Bronchi extend both into and from within their bodies. The faces of all three are pressed against the only vent in the room. 

All three appear to remain conscious and aware. 

 **Addendum 8828.5 — Incident Report**July 17th, 2011

MTF agent Jonathon Croom has reported mild chest pain.

<< [SCP-8827](SCP-8827) | SCP-8828 | [SCP-8829](SCP-8829) >>
