“I sit on a man's back choking him and making him carry me, and yet assure myself and others that I am sorry for him and wish to lighten his load by all means possible… except by getting off his back.” Leo Tolstoy, *What Is to Be Done?*

Dandelion Milk. By .

[More from this author](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/esthers-authorpage)

=====

=====

**Item №:** SCP-8739

**Object Class:** Anaktoria Similar to Juvenalis; an atypical specimen used by the Special Collections Program for broader national profit and/or benefit. 

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8739 is under the joint purview of both the Special Collections Program and the United States Department of Agriculture (specifically, the Agricultural Research Service). Its cultivation is to be conducted in designated farms, primarily in less developed areas of the American South and Mississippi Delta. These farms are to hire from among the locals, ensuring that all proceedings remain both efficient and clandestine.

Planned farms will be established near Rosedale, Clarksdale, Rolling Fork, Indianola, and several other similar communities.

Wild populations of SCP-8739 are to be either disposed of or brought back to Site-19 for breeding. Program personnel are not to blow any specimens of SCP-8739.

**Description:** First discovered alone in the overgrown backyard of an abandoned home in Indianola, Mississippi, and brought back to Site-19’s botanical garden.

SCP-8739 is an atypical species of dandelion (genus *Taraxacum*), bearing similarities to both *T. aphrogenes* The Paphos dandelion; a small-ranging dandelion species native to Cyprus.  and *T. kok-saghyz*. The Kazakh dandelion; historically noteworthy for the attempts made by Soviet Russia and World War II-era Germany to utilize it for self-sufficient rubber production.  Drs. Wrenley Wisp and Nazerke Sadykova have presided over SCP-8739’s testing and cultivation; Dr. Sadykova has been placed as the dandelion’s legally affirmed breeder under United States law.

SCP-8739’s preeminent atypical property is its naturally produced latex. Compared to the rubber latex of typical dandelion species, SCP-8739’s latex is both higher quality and found in much greater quantities, with a theoretical median yield of around 8,800 lbs/ha/year.

Interestingly, along with this, SCP-8739 stems and leaves that sprout from the same rosette (base) each seem to rapidly produce proportionally more latex as the other stems are broken and harvested. SCP-8739 also has a far more dramatic tendency to produce multiple stems than any other dandelion species.  Occasionally, this will result in an SCP-8739 stem “bursting” on its own, with drops of latex seeping out from the resulting seams (or, in more extreme cases, the complete eventration/eruption of the flower stem). This latex can only be retrieved while SCP-8739 is in its flower head form and not yet able to reproduce.

SCP-8739 is also a notably virile plant under the proper temperature and soil conditions, though this effect is best achieved with the aided dispersal of seeds. However, SCP-8739’s seeds are incredibly fragile, meaning that while SCP-8739 can only be properly bred with human aid, the human aid in question must be deliberate and careful. Strangely, the blowing of SCP-8739 seed heads with a human mouth has been proven to kill all seeds dispersed by the forceful exhalation, as well as drastically acidifying soil wherever the seeds fall.

Additionally, while SCP-8739’s latex is an incredibly valuable resource, care is to be taken in its handling before vulcanization. Contact between the bare skin and the latex can induce nausea, strong feelings of disorientation and arousal, and short but intense bouts of geophagic compulsions. These symptoms usually subside within a week. Repeated exposure to the raw latex can result in extended vertigo, pica, and (in rare cases) infertility.

Despite these abnormal detriments, the beneficial atypicalities on display here make SCP-8739 immensely appealing to the US rubber industry, and its implementation in farming and rubber manufacturing is currently an appealing and worthwhile pursuit. The institution of small-scale test farming complexes in the Mississippi Delta is advantageous, therefore, due to the automotive industry of the South and the abundance of available labor.

Wild populations continue to form in the Southern United States, despite increasing SCP and USDA regulation and security regarding SCP-8739.

**Addendum:** As of 2006, all SCP-8739 farms have been closed due to the failure of SCP-8739 to be properly cultivated on a large scale. Latex production could not be maintained, and no captive populations of SCP-8739 have managed to survive long enough to be truly farmed for rubber. Additionally, communities where farms were instituted have failed to supply anywhere near the necessary number of employees to sustain SCP-8739 as a rubber resource.

Wild populations continue to form in the Southern United States.

> **Filename:** 1.jpg

> **Name:** Common dandelion flower.jpg

> **Author:** Humoyun Mehridinov

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Common_dandelion_flower.jpg

> **Filename:** 2.jpg

> **Name:** Forsaken - Flickr - JoshuaDavisPhotography.jpg

> **Author:** Joshua Davis

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Forsaken_-_Flickr_-_JoshuaDavisPhotography.jpg

> **Filename:** 3.jpg

> **Name:** Taraxacum officinale latex3 (16350772136).jpg

> **Author:** Harry Rose

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Taraxacum_officinale_latex3_%2816350772136%29.jpg

> **Filename:** 4.jpg

> **Name:** Одуванчик лекарственный Кульбаба лікарська Taráxacum officinale.jpg

> **Author:** Гриньова Аліна

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:%D0%9E%D0%B4%D1%83%D0%B2%D0%B0%D0%BD%D1%87%D0%B8%D0%BA_%D0%BB%D0%B5%D0%BA%D0%B0%D1%80%D1%81%D1%82%D0%B2%D0%B5%D0%BD%D0%BD%D1%8B%D0%B9_%D0%9A%D1%83%D0%BB%D1%8C%D0%B1%D0%B0%D0%B1%D0%B0_%D0%BB%D1%96%D0%BA%D0%B0%D1%80%D1%81%D1%8C%D0%BA%D0%B0_Tar%C3%A1xacum_officinale.jpg

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8738](SCP-8738) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-8740](SCP-8740) >>
