body {

}

###BA0F5E|WaylandLaurencePan##

---

**From:**

##red|@@m.jones@scp.int@@##

**To:**

##red|@@se.ames@scp.int@@##

**CC:**

**Subject:**

Regarding SCP-8761 Documentation

---

Good morning, Sarah. Regarding the incident that happened a few weeks back - submitted documentation has been consolidated. We've got three proposals: one from Anomalous Energies, two from Esoteric Logics & Ritualistics. All attached to this email. Not sure what's going on; normally Site-512 resolves these disputes internally before reaching out to us. Well, you would know.

Give me your thoughts by the end of this week. This isn't the most urgent task, but you know how the higher-ups jump at (provisionally) Keter-class anomalies.

[# ae1.scpdf]

[# elnr1.scpdf]

[# elnr2.scpdf]

---

Secure, Contain, Protect

Maria Jones

Director

RAISA

---

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

---

{{[# request:] open -‎​-cmo: [# ae1.scpdf]}}

{{[# 1]: Scanning [# ae1.scpdf]...}}

{{[# 2]: Critical Metadata for [# ae1.scpdf]:}}

{{[# 3]: Author: 512AE}}

{{[# 4]: Last Edited: 120721}}

{{[# 5]: Digitally Signed: Yes}}

{{[# 6]: Priority: Standard}}

{{[# 7]: Displaying...}}

ASSIGNED SITE

ASSIGNED SECTION

Site-512

Anomalous Energies, Esoteric Logics & Ritualistics

CONTAINMENT SUPERVISORS

ASSIGNED RESEARCHER

Dr. Chang, Dr. Ortiz

Dr. Reid

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES: SCP-8761 is to be restrained at its present location. The area surrounding SCP-8761, designated SCP-8761-1, is to be clearly cordoned off. In the event of SCP-8761-1's growth, a new cordon is to be re-established; attempts to reverse the process are to only be conducted with the approval of the Head Researchers of Anomalous Energies and Esoteric Logics & Ritualistics. Reversal attempts are to be conducted by an appointed Esoteric Logics & Ritualistics Researcher, under the supervision of a peer from Anomalous Energies.

Owing to the nature of SCP-8761-1, SCP-8761 is functionally contained; should the radial growth of SCP-8761-1 exceed an average rate of 0.50mm per day for fifty days consecutively, or should SCP-8761 display signs of hostility against the Foundation, or should SCP-8761 regain cogency, it is to be terminated via mechanical execution.

SCP-8761 is not to be exposed to excessive stimuli or information regarding itself, or regarding the event which lead to its formation; this information is designated SCP-8761-2.

DESCRIPTION: SCP-8761 appears to be a middle-aged Chinese man. It is blind, and unable to speak; however, experimentation reveals that it is cognitively active, and able to communicate via typing, although it is not lucid. It does not seem to require external sustenance of any kind.

SCP-8761-1 is a non-Euclidean region of space located in 5-0-5 Resolve Wing of Site-512. It exhibits the following phenomena:

* The disintegration of all separative structures (such as walls, ceilings, floors, or cubicle dividers) 

* Lack of gravitational effects 

* Persistent darkness

* A constant whispering sound with no discernible source 

* The scent of a variety of human chemosignals and ash 

* A "snapback" effect on self-propelled relocative attempts

* A significantly smaller interior compared to its external measurements

SCP-8761-2 was the event that led to the formation of SCP-8761 and SCP-8761-1. In line with the above containment procedures, all information on it has been expunged.

---

{{[# request:] open -‎​-cmo: [# elnr1.scpdf]}}

{{[# 1]: Scanning [# elnr1.scpdf]...}}

{{[# 2]: Critical Metadata for [# elnr1.scpdf]:}}

{{[# 3]: Author: wongbh}}

{{[# 4]: Last Edited: 080721}}

{{[# 5]: Digitally Signed: No}}

{{[# 6]: Priority: Routine}}

{{[# 7]: Displaying...}}

ASSIGNED SITE

ASSIGNED SECTION

Site-512

NIL

CONTAINMENT SUPERVISORS

ASSIGNED RESEARCHER

NIL

Dr. Wong

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES: Attempts to contain SCP-8761 are not worth the effort. Nevertheless, a bare minimum attempt must be made. 

In this regard, SCP-8761 is to be cordoned off. In the event of its growth, the cordon is to be re-established. Assessments suggest that the concept of "ignoring" SCP-8761 will not lead to its dissolution; however, there are no other options available. In the meanwhile, SCP-8761 is to be contained via impaling it somewhere below the limbic system, where it will rest mostly undisturbed.

SCP-8761 is to consume Dr. Wong entirely, until it fades away; all things must, in time.

Special note is to be taken of SCP-8761-1, the event which caused the manifestation of SCP-8761 in its present manner. It was an attempt at termination. Naturally, it was doomed from the start.

DESCRIPTION: SCP-8761 refers to the emotive energy phenomenon currently contained within Anomalous Energies' Emotive Energy Office. 

More specifically, SCP-8761 refers to a space that has been tainted by distinct feelings, including:

* Sweaty palms

* Whispers behind your back

* Anger

* An exhortation to look away

* The maliciousness in ambiguous commands

* Guilt

* Unwanted and unexpected calls at two in the morning

* Despair

* The staticity of present situations

* A lack of proper boundaries

* Fear

As a result of the phenomenon, SCP-8761 exhibits a severe disconnect between itself and the rest of consensus reality; in turn, consensus reality firmly rejects the existence of SCP-8761 in these terms, as it did before SCP-8761-1 occurred.

For information on SCP-8761-1, refer to ADDENDUM 8761.I.

---

ADDENDUM 8761.I: Attempt at Termination / Creation Log

Dr. Wong attempted the termination of SCP-8761 on the 20th of July, 2021. The attempt was halted after he attempted to move, and found he could not. In fact, he found that movement as a whole was impossible. There could be no change within SCP-8761. 

Upon the destruction of the last structural foundation holding reality together, SCP-8761 collapsed into  a baser form, which it presently resides as.

---

{{[# request:] open -‎​-cmo: [# elnr2.scpdf]}}

{{[# 1]: Scanning [# elnr2.scpdf]...}}

{{[# 2]: Critical Metadata for [# elnr1.scpdf]:}}

{{[# 3]: Author: 512EL&R}}

{{[# 4]: Last Edited: 160721}}

{{[# 5]: Digitally Signed: Yes}}

{{[# 6]: Priority: Standard}}

{{[# 7]: Displaying...}}

ASSIGNED SITE

ASSIGNED SECTION

Site-512

Esoteric Logics & Ritualistics

CONTAINMENT SUPERVISORS

ASSIGNED RESEARCHER

Dr. Ortiz

Dr. Reid

SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES: SCP-8761 is to be maintained on a regular amnestics/constanciations/antisequiturs regime.Amnestics erase memory; Constanciations promote emotional continuity; Antisequiturs encourage logical disjunctives. At least once a week, a designated Esoteric Logics & Ritualistics researcher is to engage SCP-8761, eventually leading him to gain a belief in the possibility of containment of SCP-8761-1. To achieve this, SCP-8761 is to be engaged in the following steps:

* SCP-8761 is to be administered one full dosage of the relevant drugs. 

* Not less than four hours after, SCP-8761 is to be informed that he has been involved in an accident, and is required to write containment procedures regarding the resultant anomaly.

* SCP-8761 will feign ignorance. He is to be reassured that he is in a safe place, and his contribution will be kept confidential.

* SCP-8761 is to be directed to type out a full SCP Document using his inuitive understanding of the anomaly.It has been found that this action evokes SCP-8761's old role, giving him some degree of comfort derived from familiarity. In addition, repeated application of this method appears to ground reality within SCP-8761-1. He is to be instructed to write "what feels right", as opposed to the factual realities of the matter.

* SCP-8761 is to be further and repeatedly encouraged to come up with improved containment procedures; his importance and value in this task is to be emphasized.  

* The radial growth or reduction of SCP-8761-1 following this session is to be measured. The resultant document produced by SCP-8761 is to be filed.

SCP-8761-1 is to be cordoned off. It is believed that, should these procedures be correctly implemented, contingencies for its continued growth will be rendered unnecessary.

SCP-8761-2 is to be investigated. 

DESCRIPTION: SCP-8761 refers to Dr. Wong Boon Heng, a Researcher specialising in Emotive Energy from Anomalous Energies. Following SCP-8761-2, it is hypothesised that a sudden reversal and spike of emotive concentration within the office led to the bursting of several improperly-secured emotive capacitors, causing a chain reaction within which SCP-8761 became the nexus point. At present, SCP-8761 is suspected to be both the original source of SCP-8761-1, and the primary force preventing its expansion. In addition, SCP-8761 has gone blind and non-verbal.The non-verbal response is accounted for in SCP-8761's documented trauma responses; however, the source of the blindness is still unknown, be it due to an emotive effect or mechanical trauma.

SCP-8761-1 is a volume of space within 5-0-5 Resolve Wing of Site-512 wherein material reality has become irrevocably tainted by the aforementioned emotive energy phenomenon. SCP-8761-1 reflects in actuality the perceptual status of the office by SCP-8761; it remains constrained within its current location due to SCP-8761's determination to prevent its unnecessary growth. The following have been universally observed in SCP-8761-1:

* A lack of boundaries

* A lack of direction

* A lack of motion

* Compression

* A constant feeling of fear

SCP-8761-2 refers to the incident or series of incidents leading to the formation of SCP-8761-1. For more information, refer to ADDENDUM 8761.I.

---

ADDENDUM 8761.I: Context Surrounding Inciting Incident 

Before the involvement of Esoteric Logics & Ritualistics, much of the available information regarding SCP-8761-2 had been expunged. Nonetheless, circumstantial evidence points to the prior existence of the following materials:

* Five (5) applications for transfer out of Anomalous Energies, submitted by Dr. Wong, each rejected by his direct superior;

* Two (2) letter of complaint written by Dr. Wong and one colleague, addressed to Site-512 Human Resources and Inspectorate, never sent;

* Three (3) group chats on the intranet dedicated specifically to workplace gossip, all three including members of the leadership;

* One (1) sheet held by Emotive Energy's leadership, tracking the "level of commitment" of various employees within the Office;

* Six (6) separate prescriptions for antidepressants for Dr. Wong, issued by various Wings' pharmacies;

* Fourteen (14) private diary entries penned by Dr. Wong;

* One (1) draft email addressed to Site-512 Inspectorate Anonymous Tipline in Dr. Wong's drafts, never sent;

* One hundred and fifteen (115) emails concerning Dr. Wong and various other personnel within the Emotive Energy Office, sent out *en masse* to the entire Office and certain superiors; 

* Thirty three (33) harsh emails sent to Dr. Wong from his various superiors regarding his declining performance; 

* One (1) audiovisual recording of an altercation between Dr. Wong and his direct superior, who has been missing (presumed dead) since SCP-8761-2.

---

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

 _

---

**From:**

##red|@@512insp.anonymous@scp.int@@##

**To:**

##red|@@se.ames@scp.int@@##

**CC:**

**Subject:**

RE: AE - Potential Abuse of Power

---

Good day, Sarah Emma Ames.

Your anonymous tip has been received and is being processed. We will contact you within forty-eight hours for further inquiries; be assured that all information involved will be kept strictly confidential. Do not disclose any further information to external parties; if you wish to convey a sensitive message, we will assist in doing so. 

Do not hesitate to contact us further if you wish to.

Your courage leads to a better Site-512.

---

Secure, Contain, Protect

Insp. Althea Zheng Li Rong

Inspector-in-Chief

Inspectorate

Site-512

---

<< [SCP-8760](SCP-8760) | SCP-8761 | [SCP-8762](SCP-8762) >>

This article uses [Basalt Theme](theme:basalt ), by Liryn and Placeholder McD.
