**Special Containment Procedures:** The components of SCP-8174 are to be contained within a veiled shipyard positioned three kilometres east of Guanaja, Honduras (16°27'11.216" N,  85°52'0.912" W). SCP-8174 is to be installed within the multi-purpose vessel known as *the Ark*, no sooner than the 20th of January 1996.The Ark is currently under construction in an adjacent shipyard. For more details see *Addendum 8174.1: The Ark*. 

SCP-8174 is to be integrated into the engine compartment of the Ark. Following integration, all components directly powered by SCP-8174—including mechanical systems, transformers, water purification units, piping, and electrical infrastructure—are to be included in SCP-8174 containment protocols. Non-mechanical sections of the Ark, such as the cargo hold, living quarters, containment chambers, recreational facilities, and commercial areas, are to be explicitly excluded from SCP-8174 classification.

Upon completion of SCP-8174 installation, the vessel's operation and launch are to be supervised by designated maintenance officers and the assigned Chief Marine Engineer. Containment and operational procedures specific to the Ark are to be finalized during the outfitting phase. Mobile Task Force Alpha-1 ("Red Right Hand") is assigned as the primary task force for operations aboard the Ark and will adhere to supplementary containment directives as outlined by Foundation maritime protocols.

SCP-8174 Maintenance routines are to be conducted biweekly by personnel with Level 4 clearance. Any irregular power outputs or deviations in SCP-8174's performance parameters are to be reported immediately to O5 Command. Major deviations must be reviewed by O5-1, who will determine if a shutdown of auxiliary systems is necessary.

**Description:** SCP-8174 is a perpetual motion machine constructed by the Foundation. The machine is capable of generating energy for infinite propulsion and otherwise powering a major vessel. As such, it will be used as the main engine in the Ark, head vessel for the SCP Foundation following Earth's submersion.  

The engine consists of a 20x60m cast-iron block fitted with machinery for marine propulsion and five levels of man-made maintenance platforms. It resembles a traditional four stroke trunk engine. However, it does not require any gas or ignition, and can produce up to 500 MW.For reference, common commercial ferries are powered by engines at 500 kW to 10 MW.  This amount of power is suitable for the powering of a vessel at the magnitude of the Ark.

**Addendum 8174.1: *The Ark*:**

The Ark measures approximately 400 meters in length and  is constructed with reinforced hull plating to withstand extreme oceanic conditions. It represents the Foundation's primary operational hub in the aftermath of Earth's submersion. The vessel is designed as a self-sustaining habitat for surviving personnel, civilians and contained anomalies following the enactment of Scenario: Gilgamesh. The four main compartments of the Ark are outlined below.

* Living habitats, including living quarters, recreational and commercial zones.

* Containment facility, for the containment of high-priority items as well as sources of resources.

* Logistics compartment, for the general maintenance of SCP-8174, but also resource management within the Ark's supply chain.

* Provisional compartments, designed as buffers in high-risk situations. 

As long as SCP-8174's functionality allows for it, the Ark may be used as a transoceanic vessel. In the event of a total systems failure or containment breach, the Ark’s Provisional Compartments are designed to isolate compromised sections of the vessel. This process includes the complete sealing and, if necessary, controlled ejection of affected areas into the ocean. While this safeguard preserves the integrity of the Ark, it is understood that such measures may result in substantial loss of personnel and resources.

This document is annually updated with maintenance logs which report on the state of SCP-8174 but also its effects on the Ark. Currently, these logs span from 1997 to 2010.

---

**Addendum 8174.2: Annual Maintenance Log -- 29th of January, 1997**

 ##green|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red|||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 98%

**Maintenance Notes:** Launch successful. Cooling system leak repaired. 

**Personnel Rotation:** N/A.

**Compartmental Maintenance:** No reports. All compartments successfully opened.

**Recommendations:** Reinforce crew psychological exam protocols.

**Addendum 8174.3: Annual Maintenance Log -- 15th of March, 1998**

 ##green|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red|||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 88%

**Maintenance Notes:** Decreased output due to interference from foreign power—main GoI currently unknown. 

**Personnel Rotation:** Six personnel were reassigned from SCP-8174's maintenance team.

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Additional containment chambers connected to the power supply.   

**Recommendations:** Implement further screening in recruitment process.   

**Addendum 8174.4: Annual Maintenance Log -- 30th of March, 1999**

 ##green|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red|||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 98%

**Maintenance Notes:** Despite external pressures on hull and rudder, SCP-8174 functions at a normal rate. 

**Personnel Rotation:** One machinist role is vacant due to a shortage in qualified staff.

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Surplus living quarters are currently reviewed for relocation.

**Recommendations:** Prioritize graduate engineers in future recruitment processes.

**Addendum 8174.5: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2000**

 ##green||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 77%

**Maintenance Notes:** Hydraulic systems were reportedly damaged in a containment breachFor more information, consult RAISA for clearance on file *Incident Log 58:12-12-1999* which has caused momentary stalling.

**Personnel Rotation:** No casualties to report; all crew accounted for.

**Compartmental Maintenance:** The containment facility has experienced several blackouts since SCP-8174 was disrupted.  

**Recommendations:** Implement strategies for further maintenance and connect the containment facility to an auxiliary power unit. 

<details>
<summary>+ OPEN ATTACHMENT?</summary>

</details>

**Addendum 8174.6: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2001**

 ##green||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red|||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 76%

**Maintenance Notes:** No reports. The influx of external Foundation specialists has had a positive effect on maintenance. 

**Personnel Rotation:** The engine crew of last year is rotated. 

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Living quarters have expanded into the provisional compartment.

**Recommendations:** Give support to previous personnel active on SCP-8174.

**Addendum 8174.7: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2002**

 ##green||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 70%

**Maintenance Notes:** New executive directives have prompted a decrease in power output. 

**Personnel Rotation:** The engine crew of last year is rotated. 

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Compartments have been fitted with more sustainable power levels. Affected compartments are Recreation, Commercial, and Cultural.

**Recommendations:** Give more deliberate handover to succeeding engine crew. 

**Addendum 8174.8: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2003**

 ##green|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 67%

**Maintenance Notes:** Markings on mechanical parts of SCP-8174 indicate deliberate sabotage. 

**Personnel Rotation:** The engine crew of last year is rotated. 

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Living quarters set to lower supply after relocation of personnel to the containment facility.

**Recommendations:** Reorganize Mobile Task Force Alpha-1. 

**Addendum 8174.9: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2004**

 ##green|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 55%

**Maintenance Notes:** No sign of wear on SCP-8174 after considerable energy output during hurricanes in October.For more information consult RASIA for clearance on file *Incident Log 120:10-06-2003.* Relevant relocation of staff is in action. 

**Personnel Rotation:** The engine crew of last year is rotated. 

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Considerable power output redistributed to logistical operations in order to streamline reparatory projects.

**Recommendations:** Implement plan for rationing of resources and power for 2004.

<details>
<summary>+ OPEN ATTACHMENT?</summary>

</details>

**Addendum 8174.10: Memorandum – 23rd of March, 2004**

Since the succession of O5 Command, we have promised personnel involved with the maintenance of SCP-8174 improvements in management and organization. The reasons behind are the apparent lack of motivation in personnel working on containment, but also the well-being of the entire population on The Ark.  Now, we are delivering those improvements.

Stay alerted for updated maintenance protocol and revision of personnel rotation routines.

*O5-1*

**Addendum 8174.11: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2005**

 ##green|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 45%

**Maintenance Notes:** SCP-8174 sustains its regular power output. Marginal decrease noted. 

**Personnel Rotation:** The engine crew is refitted. 

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Apart from the installation of improved vents in living habitats, there are no reports.

**Recommendations:** Archive historical and outdated information provided to the maintenance crew of SCP-8174. 

**Addendum 8174.11: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2006**

 ##green||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 40%

**Maintenance Notes:** SCP-8174 sustains its regular power output. Marginal decrease noted. 

**Personnel Rotation:** Minor deviations noted. The engine crew is refitted.

**Compartmental Maintenance:** The excess power output from the Cultural compartment is redistributed across the entire vessel. 

**Recommendations:** Keep to regular work day routine, all deviations of routine must be restricted.

**Addendum 8174.12: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2007**

 ##green|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 35%

**Maintenance Notes:** SCP-8174 sustains its regular power output. Marginal decrease noted. 

**Personnel Rotation:** The engine crew is refitted.

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Exempt from regular rationing, the containment facility increases its power usage by 10 %. 

**Recommendations:** Mobile Task Force Alpha-1 to be expanded.

**Addendum 8174.13: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2008**

 ##green||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||####red|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 30%

**Maintenance Notes:** SCP-8174 sustains its regular power output. Marginal decrease noted. 

**Personnel Rotation:** One crew member reported missing at the end of the year. The engine crew is refitted.

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Power supply of recreational facilities no longer considered necessary. 

**Recommendations:** Redistribute power to containment facility. Investigate missing personnel.

**Addendum 8174.14: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2009**

 ##green|||||||||||||||||||||||||####red||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 25%

**Maintenance Notes:** SCP-8174 sustains its regular power output. Marginal decrease noted. 

**Personnel Rotation:** Two crew members reported missing at the end of the year. The engine crew is refitted.

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Provisional facilities expanded. 

**Recommendations:** Investigate the cause of missing personnel.

**Addendum 8174.14: Annual Maintenance Log -- 1st of January, 2010**

 ##green||||||||||||||||||||####red|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||## 

---

**Engine Performance:** 20%

**Maintenance Notes:** SCP-8174 sustains its regular power output. Marginal decrease noted. 

**Personnel Rotation:** One crew member was reported missing and had left a marking on the engine: "*HOW MANY YEARS HAVE I BEEN HERE? SHIP IS STOPPING*". The engine crew is refitted.

**Compartmental Maintenance:** Power redistributed according to the Ark's renewed purpose.For more information, consult RAISA for clearance on file *Site 8174, "The Ark" – New containment procedures applied.*

**Recommendations:** Apply automated amnestization procedures *before* the rotation of personnel as opposed to after. Implement the same procedures across all compartments. 

<< [SCP-8173](SCP-8173) | SCP-8174 | [SCP-8175](SCP-8175) >>

=====

> **Name:** Hyundai ship engine under construction.jpg

> **Author:** Erremm

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/28/Hyundai_ship_engine_under_construction.jpg/640px-Hyundai_ship_engine_under_construction.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** 

=====

> **Name:** Oceanworld.jpg

> **Author:** Pablo Carlos Budassi

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/9/94/Oceanworld.jpg/900px-Oceanworld.jpg?20230815155902

> **Additional Notes:** 

=====

> **Name:** US Navy 050922-N-8854R-166 Students from Ikego Elementary School, Japan, experience first-hand what it is like to live in ship's berthing during a tour aboard the conventionally powered aircraft carrier USS Kitty Hawk (CV 63).jpg

> **Author:** U.S. Navy photo by Photographer's Mate Airman Matthew Reinhardt

> **License:** Public domain

> **Source Link:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/2f/US_Navy_050922-N-8854R-166_Students_from_Ikego_Elementary_School%2C_Japan%2C_experience_first-hand_what_it_is_like_to_live_in_ship%27s_berthing_during_a_tour_aboard_the_conventionally_powered_aircraft_carrier_USS_Kitty_Hawk_%28CV_63%29.jpg/642px-thumbnail.jpg?20091023080018

> **Additional Notes:** Black lines added by me. 

=====

> **Name:** ARTHUR B. HOMER Corridor Alongside Cargo Holds.jpg

> **Author:** Gary Todd

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:ARTHUR_B._HOMER_Corridor_Alongside_Cargo_Holds.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** 

=====

> **Name:** Wea00816.jpg

> **Author:** NOAA

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** http://www.photolib.noaa.gov/bigs/wea00816.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** 

=====
