#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

Important: Divulging the existence of SCP-8061 to anyone outside the Foundation or of insufficient security clearance is strictly prohibited and will be immediately met with disciplinary action, and if necessary, the revocation of Foundation privileges and termination. It is forbidden to discuss SCP-8061 through any unauthorized channels including all forms of electronic communication. Thank you for your cooperation.

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

**Item #:** SCP-8061

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8061 cannot spread independently due to its particular intangible nature. Thus, by concealing knowledge of SCP-8061 appropriately, it can be safely and effectively contained.

To prevent containment breaches, when discussing or referencing this object among Foundation personnel, it is imperative to exercise sound judgment and avoid individuals who are overly zealous about martial arts, regardless of their position or designation. Human curiosity and carelessness are never to be underestimated. 

**Description:** SCP-8061 is a martial arts technique attributed to the French-American kickboxer Gabriel Vaux. When a specific sequence of moves is executed properly, it results in a final kick whose force is tremendously magnified. This phenomenon cannot be explained through  conventional understanding of physics. (See Addendum 8061: Incident Log for specific results)

Vaux, the apparent creator of SCP-8061, had an aggressive and dynamic striking style that is exceedingly difficult to imitate, even for seasoned martial artists. Therefore, someone attempting to execute SCP-8061 who lacks exceptional dexterity, athleticism, and balance will likely suffer injury. 

**It is recommended that someone fulfills the following criteria prior to utilizing SCP-8061 (for research purposes):**

* The individual is aged 18-25 without any medical conditions that compromise athletic performance.

* The individual has trained for at least 8 years in Karate, Kung Fu, Muay Thai, Kickboxing, Savate, Taekwondo, or a similar, striking-focused martial art.

* The individual can execute a variety of kicking techniques swiftly without losing their balance.

SCP-8061 involves the following steps executed in quick succession (the time between each step should be no longer than half a second):

* A subtle crouching motion.

* A lead-leg question mark kick while hopping forward (the kick does not have to connect with the target, and can even be used as a feint).

* A seamless switch from the Orthodox stance (left leg forward) to the Southpaw stance (right leg forward).

* A right hook followed by a fake spinning hook kick that follows the direction of the punch's momentum, ending with a tornado kick. WARNING: the tornado kick will have amplified force.

The metaphysical properties of SCP-8061 are currently unknown and under investigation; similarly, the exact origin of this object is unknown. 

**Addendum 8061: Incident Log**

= **INCIDENT LOG REGARDING IMPROPER PROCEDURES PERTAINING TO SCP-8061**

---

**Date:** August 3, 2023 

**Incident:** A Class D test subject attempted to simulate SCP-8061 during an experiment, but tripped while throwing the final kick; they suffered a broken wrist and partially tore a knee ligament from the fall.

**Containment Breach:** No

---

**Date:** August 4, 2023

**Incident:** A security guard lost their footing and fell down several flights of stairs while practicing SCP-8061 in a stairwell. The guard suffered a concussion and several broken bones, requiring immediate surgery. 

Following the incident, the Foundation proposed to enlist the help of several Persons of Interest to utilize SCP-8061. These martial arts specialists will be amnesticized following successful experimentation. Further attention has been requested for this endeavor.

**Containment Breach:** No

---

**Date:** August 9, 2023

**Incident:** An MMA (Mixed Martial Arts) coach, Jonathan Pierce, accidentally decapitated a training partner when he successfully used SCP-8061. He gained knowledge of the technique from a Foundation researcher who mentioned it during small talk. (First contact was initiated at a local coffee shop, outside of any Foundation premises.)

The instructor and every member of the MMA gym where the incident occurred were amnesticized.

**Containment Breach:** Yes

---

**Date:** August 21, 2023

**Incident:** A PoI involved in an experiment "accidentally" slipped and kicked a researcher while attempting to use SCP-8061, striking them in the jaw. The researcher's lower mandible was detached from their skull, and the force of the kick caused an internal decapitation. Death was instantaneous.

**Containment Breach:** No

---

**Date:** August 25, 2023

**Incident:** A trained specialist—supervised by a team of Foundation researchers—successfully simulated SCP-8061 several times, where he practiced the technique against ballistic gel dummies. 

During one of the final experiments, the specialist kicked a dummy, which exploded upon contact. Due to worker negligence, a shard of titanium armor from a previous, unrelated test had been embedded inside the dummy. The metal shard was ejected at high velocity, striking one of the researchers in the neck. The scientist's carotid artery was severed, and they died from blood loss within seconds. The fragment then ricocheted off a nearby wall and pierced another researcher's wrist, causing a non-lethal injury. 

New safety protocols were established following this incident. 

An unnamed field agent contacted a relative via cellphone several hours later to gossip about the incident, constituting a containment breach. The agent in question was amnesticized and terminated from the Foundation indefinitely. 

**Containment Breach:** Yes

---

<< [SCP-8060](SCP-8060) | SCP-8061 | [SCP-8062](SCP-8062) >>

> **Name:** The_U.S._Army_-_Taekwondo_champion.jpg

> **Author:** The U.S. Army

> **License:** Public domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Flickr_-_The_U.S._Army_-_Taekwondo_champion.jpg
