=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8502

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8502 is to be constantly monitored. All potential threats to SCP-8502 are to be neutralized before entering the Preserve.

As per directive ALPHA-4, no direct contact with SCP-8502 should be made.

As per directive ALPHA-6, SCP-8502 is to be treated with love.

**Description:** SCP-8502 is a male human, thirty-nine years of age, approximately 1.65 meters in height, and 52 kg in weight. SCP-8502 is the last *Homo sapiens*. Born to GoI-7112-G, it is believed that airborne wasting viruses and harsh winters led to social fracturing, causing SCP-8502 to leave the group with its mother at age ten. By 9914, SCP-8502 was the last living human.

SCP-8502 lives a semi-nomadic lifestyle in a roughly 150 square kilometer area in the southeast of Sector KU1 (designated as the Preserve). Periodically traveling between a series of crude huts constructed from rubble, SCP-8502 subsists on surviving tracts of urban algal turfs and local fowl. SCP-8502 has demonstrated an affinity for feathers, decorating its hair in simple, colorful patterns. Remaining bird migration patterns are regularly diverted towards the Preserve to ensure SCP-8502 has an ample supply.

Despite its advanced age, SCP-8502 has displayed remarkable survivalist acumen and keen senses, allowing it to survive far longer than its contemporaries. As SCP-8502 has not demonstrated knowledge of advanced tool creation, flint tools are placed in the Preserve on SCP-8502’s birthday, November 14th.  hidden under the rubble of SCP-8502’s usual scavenging sites for enrichment. SCP-8502 has proven itself capable with the tools, using them during its hunts.

**Addendum-1:** On 16/03/9923, due to a malfunctioning camera network in the Northern Hemisphere, a mountain lion evaded detection and entered the Preserve. Using a spear, SCP-8502 successfully caused the mountain lion to flee,Under directive XIA-1, it was apprehended and executed via captive bolt gun. at the cost of significant injuries to SCP-8502’s torso and left arm. First aid supplies, along with pictographic instructions, were placed in SCP-8502’s usual scavenging sites. As of 18/03/9923, SCP-8502 has not taken them.

**Addendum-2:** On 19/03/9923, SCP-8502 exited its hut for the first time in 49 hours, moving to a clearing a short distance from the hut. There, SCP-8502 used a knife to draw a large runic pattern in the dirt, lying prostrate in the center for 4 hours. The pattern resembles those that were commonly drawn by GoI-7112 groups and the wider GoI-7112 culture. The pattern drawn by SCP-8502 does not bear any resemblance to the 936 proven healing runes stored in the SCP Foundation’s database.

**Addendum-3:** On 25/03/9923, additional first aid supplies were placed near SCP-8502’s huts in anticipation of its travel. As of 28/03/9923, SCP-8502 has not taken them.

**Addendum-4:** On 10/04/9923, additional first aid supplies were placed outside of the hut SCP-8502 is currently occupying. As of 11/04/9923, SCP-8502 has not taken them.

**Addendum-5:** SCP-8502 expired 12/04/9923. Surveyor drones collected its body and began the conversion process of the Preserve. SCP-8502 was cremated and scattered. Two minutes of worldwide silence were held to mark its passing.

In the conversion process, surveyors sorting through the items found on SCP-8502’s person discovered a gemstone capable of emitting bright light. The gemstone was given the designation Anomalous Item K-921C and sent to the Sub-Saharan Storage Zone for processing. Conversion proceeded without further interruption. Preserve now designated Deep Cooling Region MARTHA-ETA, predicted to increase overall efficiency by 0.013%.

With the cataloguing of Anomalous Item K-921C, all anomalies on the planet have been successfully contained. Immediately, low-priority systems are to switch to energy-saving mode. Full-sweep maintenance routines are to shift in frequency from five to ten years. Stored biomass deemed excess are to be dismantled and liquidated. Conversion will continue to ensure long-term operational security.

The ultimate goal of the SCP Foundation has been achieved. Awaiting further input.

<< [SCP-8501](SCP-8501) | SCP-8502 | [SCP-8503](SCP-8503) >>
