=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8517

**Object Class:** Neutralized (SCP-8517) / Safe (S1) / Euclid (S2) / Keter (S3) / Non-anomalous (S4)

**Special Containment Procedures:** No coverup operations are currently believed necessary due to SCP-8517's obscurity. S1, when found, should be acquired and patrolled by the Foundation. Procurement of S2 is currently underway, ETA dependent on cooperation of involved parties. S3 probably cannot be contained without considerable diplomatic expenditures. S4 [ cannot be trusted to keep its mouth shut](scp-9124 ), but its knowledge is minimal and it is expected to die of old age in 40-60 years.

**Description:** Event and involved materials remain poorly understood due to their ambiguous, possibly subjective nature. SCP-8517 is known to have occurred on 2026-05-27.

Involved materials are as follows:

* **S1** has characteristics of castles, mountains, and towers. Has a definite physical location somewhere in the Southwestern United States and/or Greece. Sought playfulness. Either died in the course of SCP-8517 or was never alive to begin with. Currently the former location and/or destination of S2 and S3, contemporary relationship prior to SCP-8517 unclear.

* **S2** is "Asset January", a resource formerly cultivated by the Foundation, other military and paramilitary organizations, and the fine dining industry; currently possesses no strategic or culinary value. Most extant documentation rendered irrelevant by SCP-8517. Was singular prior to SCP-8517; current quantity, if it is in fact countable, is %%count%%. Sentient and delightful.

* **S3** generates interpersonal relationships as a cloaking mechanism, rendering direct observation or confrontation difficult. It can be detected by an abnormal lack of transitivityA→B and B→C together failing to imply A→C or by the unexpected assignment of multiple roles to the same person. Known behavior patterns prior to SCP-8517 correspond with ambush predation; current behavior most closely resembles a natural consequence of the human condition. Presumably non-physical.

* **S4** is Daniel P., a non-anomalous human civilian who facilitated SCP-8517 in some fashion. Notably left unchanged by the experience, unlike other involved materials.

Details of SCP-8517 itself are sparse and hard to interpret. It is known to have entailed interactions between S1, S2, and S3 that irreversibly changed all three; the primary effect is that the connection between S1 and S2 established by S3 was altered somehow, potentially resulting in the transfer of desired properties from S2 to S1. There was considerable noise and emission of fluids. S4 was instrumental to the proceedings, but its actual actions were minimal.

The Foundation became aware of SCP-8517 while investigating the development of a [ "vertical horizon"](%%fullname%% ), which would eventually be attributed to SCP-8517; other such developments are to be given their own SCP files, as linkage to SCP-8517 is unlikely to advance the understanding of those anomalies.

S4 is the only accessible witness to SCP-8517. It cannot offer a coherent explanation of SCP-8517 or its involved materials, but is confident that the situation was resolved amicably.

<< [SCP-8516](SCP-8516) | SCP-8517 | [SCP-8518](SCP-8518) >>
