**Item #:** SCP-8803

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Standard amnesticization and media-alteration protocols are to be applied to disappearances verified as being caused by SCP-8803. Upon the detection of active SCP-8803 anomalies, research teams should be mobilized immediately to monitor the anomaly. Research into the detection and neutralization of SCP-8803 instances is ongoing.

**Description:** SCP-8803 designates a category of dimensional anomalies which manifest exclusively within bedrooms, typically near or beneath a mattress. Objects which intersect with the anomaly's aperture vanish instantaneously. SCP-8803 instances demanifest after approximately 4-8 hours.

Approximately ███ disappearances worldwide have been conclusively attributed to SCP-8803. Due to their rapid demanifestation, the only SCP-8803 instance studied *in situ* occurred in Hennepin County, Minnesota, USA, at the apartment of Adam and Justine Daltrey and their daughter April.

At 03:24 on 19/04/2025, Mr. Daltrey called emergency services in a state of audible distress, claiming his daughter had disappeared from her cot, and that his wife had vanished while searching the room. Regional Foundation assets flagged the call and deployed a search team, which determined that the anomaly's aperture was adjacent to April Daltrey's cot.

A remote-controlled drone deployed into the aperture showed that the anomaly's interior resembled a steep and unlit valley located between two pale walls. Attending researchers described a nauseating odour, reminiscent of rotting food, emanating from the aperture.

The drone descended for approximately 1.3km towards the base of the anomalous space, a moist red surface littered with severely damaged household objects and human remains. The corpses of April and Justine Daltrey were identified based on their clothing.

As the SCP-8803 instance was predicted to demanifest within the hour, the drone was flown upwards to be retrieved through the aperture. Despite colliding with one wall of the anomalous space and becoming partially coated in an unidentified liquid, the drone was successfully recovered, with the anomaly demanifesting at 09:49.

Mr. Daltrey was amnesticized with no complications. The liquid accumulated on the drone was found to be a mixture of human saliva and dental plaque.

 

<< [SCP-8802](SCP-8802) | SCP-8803 | [SCP-8804](SCP-8804) >>
