**Item #:** SCP-8415

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** In case any individual(s) who might be related to SCP-8415 occurrences or SCP-8415's victims are found, the subject(s) are to be captured for observation for thirty (30) days and treated with amnestics prior to release. Moreover, they are not to be exposed to images, writings, and personal objects of possible SCP-8415's victims under any circumstances.

Four (4) security guards are to monitor the surroundings of Site-901 at all times, to prevent invasions by civilians, and explorations within the facility are currently prohibited.

It should be noted that the due to the limited knowledge the Foundation has regarding SCP-8415, these procedures are merely preventive and bound to be updated if new cases related to SCP-8415 are registered or new information regarding it are obtained.

**Description:** SCP-8415 is the designation for a supposedly memetic and cognitohazardous anomaly responsible for a series of incidents regarding an unknown number of civilians and the Foundation's personnel between the years 2004 and 2007. 

As the Foundation's current knowledge regarding SCP-8415 is minimal, its properties are not yet fully understood. Additionally, it's not confirmed if SCP-8415 is a single instance or multiple, although current evidence suggests the latter. 

It should also be noted that there is no evidence of SCP-8415's activity prior to or following the aforementioned period.

**Discovery:** The Foundation became aware of SCP-8415 in March 2012, when a logistics specialist from Site-19 noticed a register in the Foundation's database regarding a facility designated as "Site-901", located in █████, Virginia. No researcher from Site-19, including the Site Director, was able to recognize the location.

Following this discovery, a team of Agents, aided by members of MTF Epsilon-11 ("Nine-Tailed Fox"), was deployed to the location for investigative purposes. The team discovered that Site-901 was established and began operating in 2005, following the Foundation's awareness of unusual disappearance cases in the city of Roanoke, VA. Several documents regarding an unexplained population decrease in the city during the year of 2004 were found. According to said documents, the original number of individuals living in Roanoke prior to that year was approximately one hundred and eighty-six thousand (186,000), with it currently being less than one hundred thousand individuals.

The team also retrieved a considerable number of documents and objects supposedly related 

to Site-901's personnel, however, no registers regarding these individuals were found within the Foundation's database, and their existence was never confirmed.

Moreover, a transcript of an interview conducted with an individual who supposedly was a victim of SCP-8415 was discovered on the personal computer of Site-901's Director. As no memetic effects were observed upon reading, the aforementioned interview was deemed safe to be included in this document, for informational purposes.

<details>
<summary>+ Agent Howard's Interview With Susan Lincoln</summary>

> **Foreword:** Interview conducted on 20/09/2007 by Agent Michael Howard, a Foundation's forensic scientist working on Site-901, with Susan Lincoln, a 32-year-old female civilian who claims she found a room and several objects in her house that she is unable to remember. She was captured one month after an undercover Agent embedded within the local police became aware of her case.

> 

> **A. Howard:** Hello, Mrs. Lincoln, how are you? I'm Michael Howard, an investigator, and I need to ask you a few questions.

> 

> **Susan Lincoln:** Well, I've had better moments for sure. Could you at least explain what's happening and who you people *really* are?

> 

> **A. Howard:** Unfortunately, I can't give you any details regarding that, but I can guarantee that no one wants to cause you any harm here. We only want to understand certain things better, so that we can eventually help you out as well.

>  

> **Susan Lincoln:** Whatever, then... It's not like I have a choice anyway. Just go ahead, but I doubt I can offer you guys any valuable information. I'm just a confused person...

> 

> **A. Howard:** We appreciate your cooperation, Mrs. Lincoln, and I'm sure we'll be able to help one another. So... When exactly did unexplainable events begin to happen in your life?

> 

> **Susan Lincoln:** It all began around three to four months ago. One night, I think I saw somebody or something through my room's window, hiding behind a tree, but it was too dark for me to distinguish any features. When I looked away for an instant, it just disappeared. Since then, my sleep quality has decreased quite a bit.

> 

> **A. Howard:** It was around that time when you found that "extra room" in your house as well?

> 

> **Susan Lincoln:** Yeah. It was a few days after I saw that thing. I know I had bizarre dreams that night, but I can't remember any of them. By the morning, it was there. An entire room where I could've sworn it used to be just a wall... *(The interviewee pauses her speech.)*

> 

> **A. Howard:** I can imagine it was a confusing experience for you, but please continue, Mrs. Lincoln. What else did you find there?

>  

> **Susan Lincoln:**  Well, when I got inside it for the first time, I found a bunch of things... A small bed, a backpack with several books and notebooks, a wardrobe with clothes, and a laptop. All seemed to be objects used by a student. Looking at them gave me a strong feeling of nostalgia. I decided to take a look at the notebooks, and that's when things got even more bizarre...

>   

> **A. Howard:** Why?

>    

> **Susan Lincoln:** I saw the name of its owner... All that stuff was apparently from a middle schooler named... Hector Lincoln. Not only did he have the same surname as me, but the name Hector itself felt just too familiar. At that point, I thought I was completely crazy already, as there was no other explanation for all of that.

> 

> **A. Howard:** Don't worry, Mrs. Lincoln, no one thinks you're crazy here, but that's indeed quite interesting. So, what did you decide to do then?

>    

> **Susan Lincoln:** I decided to call the police. Who knows, maybe they could help in finding the owner of those objects, at least. Sadly, that wasn't the case. They questioned me about the situation, but they didn't seem to believe anything I was saying. I think they thought I was on drugs or something... 

> 

> In the end, they took the backpack and laptop with them, saying they would investigate and contact me again within a few days. Despite that, an entire month passed, and I got nothing...

> 

> When I went to the police station to ask about it, but they just said that *"such a visit never happened."* Can you believe that? That pissed me off so much I just decided to leave, as they clearly didn't give a single shit about anything that was going on.

>      

> **A. Howard:** Well, Mrs. Lincoln, I once again can't give you the details, but there is a reason for that, and we obtained those objects from Roanoke's police force around 15 days ago.

> 

> **Susan Lincoln:** Heh... So that was it... I knew you guys were hiding something, but I won't even bother asking your reasons, as I know you won't answer anyway... But please, can you just get to the point already? What do you guys *really* want from me?

> 

> **A. Howard:** So, without further ado, let's get to the main reason we brought you here today, Mrs. Lincoln. After investigating the laptop and its contents, we found one particular file that might interest you. It may help you remember certain things you might've forgotten.

> 

> **Susan Lincoln:** If you wanna show me something, do it already. I'm already becoming tired of this place, and I just wanna go back home.

> 

> **A. Howard:** *(Opens up a backpack that was on the floor next to him and picks up a laptop. He turns it on and shows the screen to the interviewee. It shows a photograph consisting of Susan Lincoln alongside a middle-aged man and a child.)* Please take a look at this, Mrs. Lincoln. Does it help you remember anything?

> 

> **Susan Lincoln:** *(Stares at the screen for about 10 seconds before beginning to cry profusely.)* Wait... This child... Hector... It can't be... 

> 

> **A. Howard:** *(Remains silent for about 20 seconds, as the interviewee continues crying.)* I know it's a difficult moment for you, but please try to stay calm, Mrs. Lincoln. Did you remember something? Could you tell me about it?

> 

> **Susan Lincoln:** This child... He is my son!! I can't believe I forgot his existence... 

> 

> **A. Howard:** I see, that was what we were suspecting. It's probably difficult for you to continue speaking right now, but do you remember anything else?

> 

> **Susan Lincoln:** I do... But it's something unfortunate. It's that thing... The thing I saw through my window that night. It entered my house. It made us believe everything was alright... And it took Hector from me. 

> 

> **A.Howard:** Now I'm the confused one here, Mrs. Lincoln. Could you be clearer? What *exactly* happened?

> 

> **Susan Lincoln:** *(Suddenly stops crying.)* It doesn't matter anymore... What it hates the most is being noticed. Now I can no longer escape. It's coming and it's coming fast. But I'm kinda happy... At least I'll be together with Hector once again. *(At this point, an individual resembling Hector Lincoln manifests behind the interviewee. It then proceeds to [REDACTED], as the interviewee turns into a species of [DATA EXPUNGED] and proceeds to spread itself around Site-901.)*

> 

> **Site's Director Closing Statement:** Due to Agent Carlson, who transcribed the interview above and just sent it to me, we can now rest assured our efforts were not in vain. I, at least, was able to remove what I believe to be memetic triggers from it. It pains me that I cannot help any of our personnel, but at least we'll stop this for now. It was a pleasure to work with all of y- *(ends abruptly.)*

</details>

**Addendum 8415-1:** As of now, the aforementioned document is the only known evidence regarding SCP-8415's nature. Besides the Site Director's personal computer, the vast majority of electronic equipment found within the facility was either damaged or non-functional. Despite the Foundation's best efforts, none of the individuals mentioned in said interview were ever found. After the initial investigative process, the O5 Council deemed further exploration of Site-901 as both risky and unnecessary for the time being, and suspended it indefinitely.

**Addendum 8415-2:** A considerable number of interviews with citizens of Roanoke have been conducted since SCP-8415's discovery. However, up to now, they have proven fruitless in providing new information regarding it. 

**Addendum 8415-3:** A request was made by a group of researchers on 25/07/2024 for the reclassification of SCP-8415 to Neutralized. It, however, got denied by Site-19's Director, under the following justification: *"I know it's been over a decade, but we still barely know anything about it. The only thing we really know is that we lost an entire facility to it in a matter of minutes. So, how can we be sure it's not among us anymore?"*

**Incident 8415-1:** On 07/07/2025, one of the guards assigned to Site-901's security reported to his superiors the following: 

> *"It was already around 8:00 PM, so it was kinda dark, but yesterday I noticed a suspect individual staring at me from behind a tree, maybe 25 to 30 meters away from my location. I'd say he was wearing something similar to what an average Foundation's researcher would... As I tried to reach the guy, he hid himself completely behind that tree and seemingly vanished."* 

Upon this report, he was treated with amnestics and relocated. It remains unclear if it was a result of a possible reappearance of SCP-8415 or merely a case of paranoia. No other similar incidents have been registered since then.

<< [SCP-8414](SCP-8414) | SCP-8415 | [SCP-8416](SCP-8416) >>
