**Item #:** SCP-8616

**Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The effective range of the Dalmatian Pelican shall be restricted to non-Christian majority regions e.g. Balkan Europe, India, China, and Mongolian Russia. Long-term extinction of the Dalmatian Pelican in Christian nations shall be pursued. Eradication of Christianity would contradict ideal normalcy preservation, though Foundation consultant Richard Dawkins has argued the end of Christianity is more normal than stork habitat and migration modification. 

No theological intervention for unbaptized souls is currently possible. 

Given lack of geographical overlap between Christianity and Dalmatian Pelicans, current procedures are projected to be stable until 1998. For this eventuality, the Foundation is developing autonomous aerial vehicles capable of performing minimum viable baptisms. 

**Description:** SCP-8616 is a predatory mutation that affects approximately 3.3% of all Dalmatian Pelicans (*Pelecanus crispus*), denoted SCP-8616-A. SCP-8616-A instances attempt to swallow whole unbaptized human infants en route to self-professed Christian parents, denoted SCP-8616-B, by intercepting infant-bearing *Ciconiiformes*.Storks. Note that SCP-8616-A has no interest in inflicting harm upon storks beyond stealing SCP-8616-B instances nor any interest in human infants en route to non-Christian parents. Rarely, SCP-8616-A instances stalk their prey from parental receival to baptism. Should SCP-8616-A succeed in consumption, the SCP-8616-B instance will vanish from observable spacetime. 

Tracking of SCP-8616-B post-consumption indicates continued life signs, temperatures above 7000°C, the presence of elemental sulfur, and millions of human screams.

<< [SCP-8615](SCP-8615) | SCP-8616 | [SCP-8617](SCP-8617) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
