=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8462

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** While SCP-8462 has been denied a URL, attempts to take it offline entirely have been unsuccessful. Thus, SCP-8462's IP address has been added to the global blacklist of all major internet providers.

SCP-8462 may be used to generate disposable material en masse for use in other containment procedures. As instances of SCP-8462-1 present a moderate health hazard, a setup that involves no direct human interaction should be implemented.

Any disruptions in the collector beverage market should be investigated for SCP-8462 involvement.

**Description:** SCP-8462 is a website formerly located at @@http://beverages.aq@@{{.aq}} is the top level domain associated with Antarctica. and currently accessible only via its IP address. SCP-8462 is written in rudimentary HTML with very little styling. SCP-8462 contains two pages, titled "News" and "Beverages". The 'News' section contains several messages from the site's creator and displays no anomalous properties.

The 'Beverages' section is an unorganized directory of 18,104 files, each with the extension ".slurp" and a gibberish filename. Each file contains 147 to 281 bytes of similar gibberish.Statistical analysis suggests that the filenames and file contents are most likely typed by hand. Whenever one of these files is opened, a fully stocked and functional beverage refrigerator (designated SCP-8462-1) will appear 13cm above the device used to open it. If precautions are not taken, this typically results in the device's destruction and injury to the user.

Each instance of SCP-8462-1 is unique to its corresponding file; no duplicates have been identified, either in construction or content. All drinks found in SCP-8462-1 were produced between May of 1989 and August of 1999. Consequently, they are almost always expired and generally unsafe for consumption. All drinks correspond to real, non-anomalous beverages that were sold between 1989 and 1999, though many are rare or obscure.

SCP-8462-1 each contain several thousand non-anomalous bird droppings, mostly from pigeons, covering the drinks and interior surfaces. Unlike the drinks, these droppings are fresh, seeming to have been deposited no more than an hour prior to SCP-8462-1's manifestation. No other signs of habitation by birds have been found in SCP-8462-1.

SCP-8462 was discovered after the 2011 death of ████ Lieu, a prominent soft drink collector and dealer who had been using SCP-8462 to acquire rare and discontinued products. The cause of death was reported as cryptococcosis. Based on a hospital admission for hand injuries in December of 2006, Lieu is assumed to have discovered SCP-8462 sometime around then.

**Addendum:** Content of SCP-8462's news page.

## January 30, 2001

Sample news entry sdkuapidgaposdipiuad23087t23094iapdogihapgo

---

## January 31, 2001

I'm going to start adding drinks here over the next month!

---

## February 25, 2004

The first drinks are online. Please enjoy!

---

## April 26, 2005

I'm aware of the bird poop issue, if anyone knows a fix please tell me!

---

## July 8, 2005

Please email me at sip@beverages.aqAn invalid email address. It is unclear if this address was ever valid. if you know how to get rid of the bird poop!

---

## September 8, 2007

What's your favorite drink? Let me know at sip@beverages.aq!

---

## August 14, 2010

I've lost interest in drinking beverages and will no longer be maintaining the site.

= << [SCP-8461](SCP-8461) | SCP-8462 | [SCP-8463](SCP-8463) >>

> **Filename:** beverages.PNG

> **Author:** 

> **License:** Public domain

> **Source Link:** [ SCP Wiki](SCP-8462 )
