**Item #:** SCP-8728

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** AIC SAURON has been tasked with removing any instances of SCP-8728 appearing on forums, instant messaging services, and imageboards. A single contained instance of SCP-8728 is stored on a Deepwell server at Site-81 for research purposes. 

Due to the low threat level posed by SCP-8728 and the nearly impossible scenario it posits, no further containment procedures are deemed necessary. 

**Description:** SCP-8728 is a PNG image depicting images of a lion and the Sun, alongside the text "Who would win? 1 trillion lions/the sun[sic]". The image possesses cognitohazardous properties, and when viewed by a human subject, will inflict a desire to observe a fight between 1 trillion lions The currently estimated population of lions on Earth is less than 30,000.  and the Sun. Individuals affected by SCP-8728 (Hereafter refered to as SCP-8728-1.) will abandon all responsibilities and duties in order to establish the conditions of the battle outlined by the image.

This includes volunteering at wildlife rehabilitation centers focusing on lion breeding programs, donating all their monetary possessions to such causes, and personally attempting to encourage lions to breed This has often been met with injury or even death on the affected parties. . Other SCP-8728-1 instances have been observed to apply to work at NASA, CNSA, EUSPA, ISRO, and other governmental space organizations in an attempt to influence them into facilitating lion-friendly space travel. 

**Addendum 8728.1:** On 08/08/2023, a SpaceX launch was hijacked in Cape Canaveral, Florida. The means by which the individual(s) responsible were able to bypass multiple security checks, enter the facility, and board the ship remain unknown. It was confirmed by SpaceX personnel that the rocket only had enough fuel for a brief trip in and out of Earth's orbit. Due to the costs of launching a mission to recover the rocket from outer space and amnesticize all witnessing civilians, it has been decided to simply permit the rocket to remain in space. 

Reports of civilian and government telescopes detecting a ship outside of Earth's orbit are to be suppressed. 

**Addendum 8728.2:** On March 18th, 2024, 223 days after the hijacking of the SpaceX launch, the rocket entered the Sun's orbit. Personnel from Astrological Research Site-1221 Not to be confused with Astronomical Site-12. , which had been monitoring the anomalous progress of the hijacked rocket, held an event to watch the rocket be consumed by the Sun using the Real-Time Telescope Array. 

However, moments after stopping within the orbit of the Sun, the ship's airlock burst open and released an out pour of unknown objects. These objects quickly began moving towards the Sun, leaping onto it and attacking it. The ship disappeared from view as more and more objects continued ejecting until eventually, the Sun dimmed. Approximately one minute afterward, a new star comprised entirely of lions was formed in place of the Sun. 

Reclassification, as well as the declaration of a possible XK Scenario, are currently pending.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8727](SCP-8727) | SCP-8728 | [SCP-8729](SCP-8729) >>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

> **Filename:** lionvssun.png

> **Name:** OneTrillionLionsVSTheSun.png

> **Author:** janhopis

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Link](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:OneTrillionLionsVSTheSun.png)

The above image is a composite of the following:

> **Name:** [Lion Waiting in Namibia](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Lion_waiting_in_Namibia.jpg)

> **Author:** Kevin Pluck

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Name:** [NASA The Sun Gallery](https://spaceplace.nasa.gov/gallery-sun/en/)

> **Author:** NASA

>  **License:** Public Domain
