### SCP-8758 "Your Most Evil Self"

**Item #:** SCP-8758

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8758 is to be stored in a single cryogenic vial kept at -197°C inside a hermetically sealed 3m X 3m X 3m containment chamber in Sector-██ of Site-19. The chamber is equipped with integrated oxyacetylene torches for emergency sterilization. Any attempt to remove the vial from its containment chamber is prohibited and will result in immediate termination of any personnel involved. In the event of a containment breach, SCP-8758 is to be incinerated immediately.

**Description:** SCP-8758 is a highly infectious, lethal disease within the *Rhabdoviridae* family, most closely relating to *Rabies lyssavirus*. It appears to be a bullet-shaped, aerosol-transmitted disease capable of surviving for over two years without a host in the wild.

SCP-8758 is to be considered an extreme danger to physical, psychological, and mental well-being, causing all bodily functions to rapidly rot and decay, while also causing the host to suffer extremely vivid hallucinations of "their most evil selves", as quoted by Subject-██████. Foundation personnel designate the hallucinated counterparts as an Antithetical Manifestation (AM) pending further study.

Hallucinations experienced by infected individuals vary considerably between subjects, some individuals report that they only see their AM standing motionless and watching them, while others report persistent verbal abuse and harassment. SCP-8758 was initially believed to induce Dissociative Identity Disorder (DID), paranoia, and depressive episodes. However, prolonged observation determined that the symptoms of infected individuals did not fully correspond to any recognized psychiatric disorder, instead suggesting a completely separate entity that progressively alters the infected individual's mentality, evidence suggests that the infected individual and their AM can actually be two completely different entities, competing for control of the same individual, although this hypothesis remains unconfirmed and left with no definitive answer.

The Antithetical Manifestation (AM) in question is described to be the Host's "complete polar opposite." A test with Subject-██████ stated that he always wore a white garment before being taken into Site-19, but his AM manifested a black garment. Furthermore, the AM consistently displayed emotional responses opposite to those of Subject-██████, smiling whenever the infected individual frowned, and vice versa.

Symptoms often appear only minutes after infection, common symptoms include:

* Sudden anxiety and unexplained dread

* Hyperactivity and agitation

* Increased aggression

* Suicidal ideation

* Muscle spasms and seizures

* Fever and anomalous rashes

* Progressive physical decay of bodily tissues

Infected individuals have a prognosis of 5–10 days. SCP-8758 has been shown to be fully treatable with SCP-500, including reversal of psychological effects.

SCP-8758 was discovered by the SCP Foundation after receiving an anonymous tip from a small home located in Nebraska. Upon receiving the tip, MTF-"█████████" was deployed, followed by the retrieval of a subject infected with SCP-8758. However, the true origin of SCP-8758 is completely unknown. 

**Addendum 8758.01**

Subject-██████ claimed to be feeling ill, listing that he had felt "Sluggish" and "Depressed", also describing vivid hallucinations about "himself but twisted." After being left in quarantine for 24 hours, along with getting an biopsy of a rash located on the upper arm, he was interviewed by Dr. Harlan.

Dr. Harlan was provided a Level A Hazmat suit, and two security guards to stay posted outside the interviewing room

---

> Interviewed: Subject-██████

> 

> Interviewer: Dr. Harlan

> 

---

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** Hello Subject-██████, my name is Dr. Harl-

> 

> **Subject-**██████: (Cutting off Dr. Harlan) Can you quit... calling me that? My name is ████    not "Subject ██████"

> 

> (Pause)

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** (Sighs) Alright "████", fine. As I was saying, my name is Dr. Harlan, and I would only like to ask you a few questions. Are you able to do that for me?

> 

> **Subject-**██████: Sure, (Coughs) ask away.

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** Great, first question I have; How are you feeling at this moment?

> 

> **Subject-**██████: (Glaring at Dr. Harlan) How the ████ do you think I feel? Take one look at me and ask that question again.

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** (Sighs) Listen, the faster you just answer my questions, the faster we can get you treated and back home, alright? I'm only trying to understand what's happening to you so that we can get you the best treatment possible.

> 

> **Subject-**██████: Alright, fine. I guess I feel like shit, my head is burning, my nose is clogged, my arms are like noodles, and I feel like I'm about to vomit all over your face in a moment.

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** Interesting. Now, this "Burning", does it feel literal? Or are you just overheating?

> 

> (No response, Subject-██████ staring into the rightmost corner behind Dr. Harlan.)

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** Subject-██████, I need yo-

> 

> **Subject-**██████: (Yelling, slamming fists on the table) I told you to quit calling me Subject ██████!

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** (Hitting emergency button) Security! Subject has become hostile! I need security immediately!

> 

> 

> 

> [END LOG]

Following the events of the interview, Subject-██████ was escorted by Agent ████ and ██████, being taken back to the quarantine room. While being dragged back, Subject-██████ kept repeatedly yelling about "His twisted self." Dr. Harlan was scheduled to ask about Subject-██████'s "Twisted" self, but was unable to do so before Subject-██████ had a violent outburst.

**Addendum 8758.02**

Forty-eight hours after Subject-██████'s outburst, two Foundation psychologists claimed that Subject-██████ was stable enough to be interviewed again, under the precaution that they restrain him. Medical evaluation warned that Dr. Harlan only had about a four-hour window before Subject-██████ would deteriorate enough to be no longer safe or stable to interview.

Dr. Harlan was once more provided a level-A hazmat suit, and a small team of security guards stationed to be inside the interviewing room, ready to intervene or provide support.

---

> Interviewed: Subject-██████

> 

> Interviewer: Dr. Harlan

> 

---

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** Hello again, Subject-██████.

> 

> (No response or reaction)

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** (Clears throat) Last time we spoke, I was asking about that burning sensation you mentioned, but now I would like to skip past that.

> 

> (No response)

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** So, when we first brought you in, you mentioned something about "yourself but twisted", could you elaborate on what this "twisted" form was?

> 

> (No response)

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** (Aside) Are you sure his medical evaluation was ri-

> 

> **Subject-**██████: (Cutting Dr. Harlan off) He is pure evil. He smiles at my suffering.

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** (Slowly turning back to Subject-██████) He smiles at your suffering? Pure evil? Could you tell me what he looks like?

> 

> **Subject-**██████: He wears red when I wear blue. He hates dogs when I love them. He wants death to all life, while I want all life to flourish.

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** So, what you're saying is, he is basically your-

> 

> **Subject-**██████: (Cutting off Dr. Harlan once more) Polar opposite? Yeah.

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** Alright, and does this "Polar opposite" speak to you?

> 

> **Subject-**██████: Yeah, he is speaking to me right now. Don't you hear him? He is right behind your head.

> 

> (Dr. Harlan looks behind himself, shaking his head.)

> 

> **Subject-**██████: He is in front of you, idiot.

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** (Looking back at Subject-██████) I don't get what you mean. Could you try to explain this character more clearly?

> 

> **Subject-**██████: (Agitated) How don't you see me...

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** I- Explain what you mean.

> 

> **Subject-**██████: You're talking to him.

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** Your "twisted self"?

> 

> **Subject-**██████: No. To me.

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** Clarify exactly what you mean.

> 

> **Subject-**██████: You're asking the wrong person questions.

> 

> **Subject-**██████: What if he doesn't look like me, but rather I look like him.

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** I don't see what you're talking about here. Who are you?

> 

> (No response)

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** Subject-██████, I need you to answer my question this instant. Who are you?

> 

> (No response)

> 

> **Dr. Harlan:** This is... I- I don't... (sigh) Send him back to quarantine.

> 

> [END LOG]

Upon the end of the interview, Dr. Harlan gathered his notes and left the room. Followed by Agent ████ uncuffing Subject-██████ from the table, but immediately after Agent ████ uncuffed Subject-██████, Agent ████ was violently attacked and mutilated by Subject-██████, the attack lasted an agonizing 8 seconds until Agent ██████ shot and killed Subject-██████.

**Addendum 8758.03**

Two days after the interview with Subject-██████, Dr. Harlan was reported to be infected with SCP-8758 after stating he saw an AM of himself, stating: "What if he doesn't look like me... but rather I look like him." This prompted a complete lockdown of Sector-██, Sector-██, and Sector-██. Seven individuals were documented to be infected with SCP-8758, and were all subject to immediate termination upon discovery. Evidence suggests that there could be a secondary transmission, though it remains unknown. Review of containment footage revealed no breaches in protective equipment or established containment protocols. Followed by a complete decontamination of all three sectors.

After each sector was successfully decontaminated, orders by site command listed that all future testing must be done wearing Level-A hazmat suits, and of which are to be incinerated immediately after use. Followed by any scientist researching SCP-8758 and any guards stationed outside of SCP-8758's room must be put on a mandatory two week quarantine period, located in Sector-██. Personnel attempting to leave quarantine or exhibiting signs of infection are to be terminated immediately.

---

<< [SCP-8757](SCP-8757) | SCP-8758 | [SCP-8759](SCP-8759) >>

<details>
<summary>+ View Page Credits</summary>

**Title:** SCP-8758 - Your Most Evil Self

**Author:** Torin S

**Image:** "Transmission electron microscopic image of rabies virus virions." 

**Source:** Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), Public Health Image Library (PHIL), Image ID 1876. Content Provider: Dr. Frederick A. Murphy. Public Domain.

</details>
