=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8183

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Physical and digital copies are kept at Site-82's film archives.

**Description:** SCP-8183 is an amateur horror film named *Sandbound Slayer*, released in 1979 or 1980. Its plot follows the murder of several teenagers by a hooded figure at a beach house in Los Angeles. In terms of style and content, it is wholly consistent with contemporary slasher films. It received virtually zero attention from audiences, likely being seen by less than a hundred people total before it went missing sometime in the early '80s. Its anomalous property only came to light following its rediscovery in 2013.

When watched in the presence of others, *Sandbound Slayer* shows no anomalous properties; almost all viewers regard it as a subpar film in most regards, albeit with some unintentional charm from the amateurish performances and ineptly-produced special effects. Subjects who view the film alone will instead find it to be an incredibly effective horror film, instilling overwhelming dread and causing an unwillingness to move from the spot or divert attention from the film.

After 15-40 minutes of lone viewing, SCP-8183's secondary effect will activate. A humanoid arm of variable length will appear from a dark, unobserved area somewhere to the subject's left and slowly approach them, reaching behind them and placing its hand on their right shoulder. The subject will interpret this as a comforting gesture, often leaning into the arm as it gently pulls them towards itself. Despite the arm being consistently featureless and generic in appearance, subjects report it as belonging to a current or former romantic partner, or else to a person demographically consistent with their ideal partner. The arm does not respond to attempts at communication, and is believed to be non-sentient.

The arm will continue to gently pull the viewer towards its manifestation point; however, this attempt is usually resisted, as a viewer under SCP-8183's mental effect will prefer to remain in a position where they can watch the film. When the arm is eventually removed by the viewer, it will retreat to its manifestation point and disappear. If instead a subject allows the arm to retrieve them, a second arm will emerge from the manifestation point and wrap the subject in a brief hug before allowing them to return to their viewing.

Lone viewers of *Sandbound Slayer* generally maintain a high opinion of the film for some period of time after watching, roughly correlating to how long they spent in contact with the manifested arm, before eventually becoming disillusioned with it.

<< [SCP-8182](SCP-8182) | SCP-8183 | [SCP-8184](SCP-8184) >>
