=====

=====

Personnel are advised against seeing below.

**Item #:** SCP-8251

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** When possible, buildings should not have interior spaces or have any components that are above one another; if this is not feasible, the absence of an attic is acceptable. Any building that contains angels is exempt from this requirement, and should retain an interior as well as potential points of access to SCP-8251-A. If angels leave a building's interior at any point, the interior should be demolished, unless it is necessary for entry to SCP-8251-A.

Entry to SCP-8251-A is inadvisable. If entry to SCP-8251-A becomes necessary or occurs spontaneously at any point, playing music is advisable.This will account for any notable interactions with SCP-8251-B. The music should be played at or above a certain volume.

Personnel that enter an attic at any point should be examined for the occurrence of SCP-8251-C. No further interaction is required or possible, except with respect to SCP-8251-B. If personnel enter a building's interior, but not SCP-8251-A or the building's attic, undergoing SCP-8251-C should be considered. Attracting the attention of SCP-8251-B is inadvisable.

For further information, personnel should access a normally inaccessible point in their home's interior, preferably in the attic or an area above the attic. One attic in particular is especially effective for this purpose, but only if it is in the personnel's home.

**Description:** SCP-8251 is a property of attics that prevents them from being the topmost interior space of a building. Any building that has an attic will necessarily have an interior space located above the attic, designated SCP-8251-A. SCP-8251-A is infinitely large, though it remains inside the building at every point, and is always above the attic. SCP-8251-A can be accessed via unspecified methods.

SCP-8251-A resembles an attic with no ceiling and no means of access to an exterior space. Its appearance and contents are highly significant and are the subject of intense scrutiny.Experiments involving SCP-8251-A have been conducted. At no point is it possible to descend from SCP-8251-A into an attic. Descent is irrelevant in the context of SCP-8251-A.

Music exists and is audible at multiple points in SCP-8251-A, particularly with respect to SCP-8251-B and at particular angles. One attic in particular contains an especially effective form of music that spontaneously annihilates SCP-8251-B.

SCP-8251-B is a group of 10^^32^^ angels that inhabit SCP-8251-A.This accounts for the appearance of angels in religious texts, though no religious interpretation of angels is accurate.Note that God does not exist.Note that SCP-8251-A is not Heaven. Angels can and will access attics, though they remain above all attics by definition. At no point will an angel exit a building's interior. Humans are capable of interaction with SCP-8251-B, though this is inadvisable. The results of interaction with SCP-8251-B are indeterminate, though they pertain to unusual angles.

SCP-8251-C is an event that occurs when SCP-8251-A is approached at an angle.Note that angles do not account for the existence of music.Note that SCP-8251-A cannot be approached from above. When this occurs, the point being approached will retreat in a manner consistent with the angle of approach. If this angle is not exactly 90 degrees (as is the case with attics), the contracted space will generate angels. Music is also produced as a consequence, though it is not above angels or the angles themselves.Music may or may not be above itself.One attic in particular has an angle which suggests that SCP-8251-C accounts for the existence of SCP-8251-B.

In humans, SCP-8251-C results in the development of a finite interior space that resembles SCP-8251-A, but not an attic. No point in a human contains or comprises an attic, even after exposure to SCP-8251-B. Evidence suggests that certain elements of a human are above an attic, albeit in a metaphorical sense.This may or may not account for the existence of angels, though humans are not above angels.SCP-8251 may or may not account for the existence of humans.

SCP-8251-D is the collective designation for basements and interior spaces that are below basements. At no point does SCP-8251-D exist. Evidence suggests that one or both of these may have existed at some point prior to the discovery of SCP-8251, though researching this is inadvisable.

SCP-8251 is not accounted for. See above.

= << [SCP-8250](SCP-8250) | SCP-8251 | [SCP-8252](SCP-8252) >>

> **Filename:** attic.jpg

> **Author:** Ayame89

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Karvina_Peter_of_Alcantara_church_attic.jpg)
