**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8919 is to be contained in a standard aquatic containment unit at Site-228's Para-Zoological Sector. Foundation personnel are not permitted to communicate with the entity without the Site Director's permission.

**Description:** SCP-8919 is a male goldfish (*Carassius auratus*) capable of speech in fluent English. It is able to grant wishes to any subject upon request. SCP-8919 confirmed to be a Type-IV reality-bending entity.

**Interview Log:**

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8919

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Thomas Rigel

> 

> ~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~~~-~~----

> 

> **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Dr. Rigel:** Good afternoon, SCP-8919.

> 

> **SCP-8919:** Afternoon, Doc! What brings you to my humble fishbowl? What is your heart's desire? Fame? Fortune? Women?... Men?

> 

> **Dr. Rigel:** Let's cut to the chase. I've read the experiment logs regarding your anomalous properties. Can you actually grant wishes?

> 

> **SCP-8919:** Of course! One hundred percent legit. No gimmicks, no catches. Go on, ask for something small.

> 

> **Dr. Rigel:** Hmmm... alright. How about a pizza?

> 

> [SCP-8919 bobs in the water, then a slice of pepperoni pizza manifests on the table.]

> 

> **Dr. Rigel:** Not bad. But what about something bigger? Something that really matters?

> 

> **SCP-8919:** Oh, I like where this is going. What'll it be? A raise? A new car? Maybe a little boost in the downstairs department? [SCP-8919 winks]

> 

> **Dr. Rigel:** No, my wish is something much greater. [Glances around nervously] I doubt I have much time before someone checks in on me, so let’s do this. I wish to be the sole ruler of the entire SCP Foundation. The Council can handle the administrative work, but I want to be above them. Absolute authority. Just me.

> 

> [Suddenly, the door bursts open. Several armed agents storm the room, restraining Dr. Rigel.]

> 

> **Agent Booth:** Dr. Rigel, you are under arrest for treason against the Foundation.

> 

> **Dr. Rigel:** What? No! That's a mistake! The fish...

> 

> [Dr. Rigel is forcibly removed from the room.]

> 

> **Agent Booth:** How many does that make now?

> 

> **SCP-8919:** That was the third one this month. I thought he'd last a little longer. I can't believe they keep falling for this trick.

> 

> **Agent Booth:** Good work. Keep playing your part, Agent Bubbles.

> 

> **SCP-8919:** What can I say? Some people just can't resist the bait. I'm not just a simple bait fish with minor magic powers, you know; I'm a master baiter.

> 

> **Agent Booth:**  [Sighs] Just... keep up the good work. 

> 

> [SCP-8919 twitches its fins, manifesting a pair of sunglasses on its face.]

> 

> **SCP-8919:** That’s a fishy business.

> 

> **[END LOG]**

> 

<< [SCP-8918](SCP-8918) | SCP-8919 | [SCP-8920](SCP-8920) >>
