**Item # :** scp-8759

**Object Class:**  Keter                      

**Special containment procedures**: Scp-8759-a is to be kept in a 500-meter radius of its root origin. In measures of its flora spreading outside of its set perimeter are to be lit on fire and 

disposed of. A Beta‑5 task force is to be at all post near Scp-8759-a in case of an outbreak. In testing all of Scp-8759-a all floras produced from Scp-8759-a must not be damaged to prevent an attack from Scp-8759-b.

     

Scp-8759-b is to be kept in the same perimeter of Scp-8759-b a at all times. In case of a violation of this perimeter scp-8759-b is to be lit on fire and drugged with grade four sedatives. Scp-8759-b is then to be moved into the center of Scp-8759-a. 

No personnel are to enter Scp-8759-a without a team of three (3) One personnel is to have a rifle with .22 caliber rounds laced with acid, to pierce Scp-8759-b skin but to not kill it. In entering personnel are to have a clearance level of at least 3.

**Description:** Scp-8759-a is a large snowy forest year-round and will have an ambient temperature of -37°F to 5°F.  Scp-8759-a has a trail leading in a circle and is the only place where Scp-8759-a doesn't grow flora in its designated zone.  Scp-8759-a produces floras from dead organisms that it consumes. Growing at a rapid rate Scp-8759-a flora grows about half an inch a day if food is abundant. This anomalous property poses a massive threat to the surrounding ecosystems, Scp-8759-a flora takes the form of trees, grass, Eucalyptus, and roses. 

 

Scp-8759-b is a Bipedal standing at 1.905 meters and weighing 67.5kg.  Scp-8759-b has a dark gray skin tone with white being on some parts of the Abdomen. Scp-8759-b has two appendages resembling chicken arms with two stubs at the end, both arms are about 0.6096 meters in length and lack muscle mass. There is no known purpose of the appendages. Scp-8759-b has a large growth that acts as a head that lacks features and its purposes is unknown.  Scp-8759-b main feature is a large latitude orifice which spans from its collarbone to its pelvis. It is used to kill anything that damages Scp-8759-b.  Scp-8759-b orifice is filled with teeth resembling Sand shark teeth with a constant 

**Reference:**   Scp-8759-a flora in the form of trees have bark but further inspection shows that it is full of blood replacing sap, veins and arteries are also present. This is used as a hunting tool to lure animals into eating Scp-8759-a, this ends with the animals dying from poisons of neurotoxins in the blood, after the animal perishes Scp-8759-a will pull the carcass into the ground and grow a new plant to repeat the cycle.

Both Scp-8759-b and Scp-8759-a are in a symbiosis, Scp-8759-b protects Scp-8759-a and Scp-8759-a provides Scp-8759-b food   Scp-8759-b is measured to have quick burst of speed reaching 30km to attack objects tampering with Scp-8759-a. personnel are advised to stay on the path to prevent an attack from Scp-8759-b. Scp-8759-b will stock personnel in the area of Scp-8759-a and stay at a distance of 8 meters, not attacking until the personnel disrupts or damages Scp-8759-a. If the personnel can get in and out without damaging Scp-8759-a.   Scp-8759-b will back off and go back to its route.  Scp-8759-b plays a vital role in the containment of Scp-8759-a as it eats the Excessive flora.

 Scp-8759-b has been responsible for the deaths of one (1) d-class personnel, four (4) researchers. Durning an experiment with over feeding Scp-8759-a led it to make a tree standing 30 meters tall and with a radius of 2.5 meters. All further test of feeding Scp-8759-a have temporally been suspended till further notice.

> **Report from security surveillance [01.019.017**]

> 

> [data expunged] /12/ [data expunged] 

> 

> 8:31am: object B was caught on a heat camera on the east side of Scp-8759-a perimeter 

> 

> 9:08am: three (3) d-class personnel were sent into Scp-8759-a from the east gate for a routine cleaning of leftover carcasses. Scp-8759 B is on the northwest side of Scp-8759-a perimeter.

> 

> 12:13pm: d-class make it to the center of Scp-8759-a and carefully plant a needle in a tree of Scp-8759-a for a blood vial. Object B is 30 meters from d-class.

> 

> 1:42pm: WEATHER BROADCAST: AT three (3) A SNOWSTORM IS PREDICTED TO HIT SITE-35 ALL CIVILIANS ARE TO BE INDOORS.

> 

> 2:45pm: d-class finished operation and are heading back to the east gate.

> 

> 3:15pm: the storm makes contact with Scp-8759-a perimeter from the west side.

> 

> 4:37pm: west side power goes out, Dr.Vonwill gives green light to close all gates to prevent Scp-

> 8759-a spreading.

> 

> 5:17pm: d-class makes it to the gate. Beta-5 denied access to open the gate. 

> 

> 6:13pm: d-12, d-18 lay at the door front, d-53 is threatening the guards. d-12 reassures him that storms are common and it will pass and all they need to do is stay on the path.

> 

> 7:01pm: d-53 spotted Scp-8759-b.  d-53 panicked and fell on a 1.5meter shrub of Scp-8759-a killing the flora.

> 

> 7:08pm: heat tracking cameras lose sight with Scp-8759-b. D-53 got up and rubbed off the fall. The other d-class personnel didn't say anything.

> 

> 9:05am: After math report is documented

 

| fatalities | damage to containment perimeter | Test vial-1369 | d-class |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| one(1) | damage to fence on the northeast side | acquired | rehabilitate |
> Autopsy report 

> 

> [data expunged] /13/ [data expunged] 

> D-53 suffered from four (4) puncture wounds in his lateral aspects on his left side of head and six (6) on his right. on their torso they have eight (8) broken ribs. On both sides in total there are twenty-27) puncture wounds on the torso. wounds all measuring 2.8 millimeters in diameter and half an inch deep leading to internal bleeding. Scp-8759-b crushed d-53s right four arm bone.
