.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

.flashing-text .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

**To:** marshall@scp.int

**From:** alvarez@scp.int

**Subject:** New Project?

---

Hey Elliot, congrats on your new position, it's been a while hasn't it? I take it you're the reason I'm working on 8469 now? What does this thing do that has you desperate enough to recruit me of all people?

Marcus Alvarez

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** alvarez@scp.int

**From:** marshall@scp.int

**Subject:** Re: New Project?

---

Hello Alvarez, the reason I got you on this skip is because of your previous work on [ other anomalies](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2876 ) whose research I believe could help with this project. I've attached the file below so you can get started.

Elliot Marshall

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** marshall@scp.int

**From:** alvarez@scp.int

**Subject:** Re: Re: New Project?

---

Damn, straight to business? This skip must be worse than I thought. Alright, I'll get started and let you know what I find.

Marcus Alvarez

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to SCP-8469-1 and SCP-8469-2's residency outside of the physical plane, containment is currently unfeasable. As such, priority is placed on response measures as well as concealment. When a Krísis event is detected on Foundation satellites, the nearest agent to the area of the event must be contacted and deployed to reach and awaken the afflicted individual by all means at their disposal.

At the conclusion of the event, any nearby witnesses are to be provided Class A amnestics, as well as a cover story about the target individual. If the target survives the event, then they should be taken in for questioning, after which they will be provided Class B amnestics and monitored for the forseeable future.

**Description:** SCP-8469 is an anomalous event, henceforth designated as a "Krísis" event, that randomly occurs every night between the hours of 8:00 PM to 5:00 AM and affects individuals, hereafter designated as SCP-8469-A, who have commited one or more crimes at any point in their lives. When a Krísis event occurs, an area of around 5,351 square meters surrounding SCP-8469-A will begin to rapidly drop in temperatures until it reaches 0 degrees Celsius. The event occurs only to individuals who have reached the first REM stage of their sleep cycle, and this state, alongside the temperatures, will remain the same until SCP-8469-A is either woken up by an external force, or is judged by SCP-8469-1 and SCP-8469-2.

When a Krísis event takes place, individuals have reported awakening in a large, extradimensional space resembling a courtroom. This space changes in appearance with each new SCP-8469-A instance, often bearing characteristics and imagery belonging to the instance's respective country, culture, or society. Despite SCP-8469-A instances reporting complete cognitive and sensory awareness during the event, their physical bodies bear no physical or psychological changes. Across all known instances of Krísis events, the hall will be empty except for the SCP-8469-A instance, as well as the SCP-8469-1 and SCP-8469-2 entities. The space will also possess three large wooden thrones featuring intricate engravings with religous and runic characteristics. Two of the thrones are occupied by SCP-8469-1 and SCP-8469-2 respectively.

Upon manifestation, the entities will begin listing the crimes of SCP 8469-A and deliberate on a "suitable punishment" for the instance. When they reach a consensus, the entities will then awaken SCP-8469-A, after which SCP-8469-2 will execute the decided punishment by manifesting in the physical world. While in the past decades, most punishments result in the death of SCP-8469-A, there are instances where the subject does avoid death, albeit with extreme physical or mental traumaSee Addendum 8469-02. Punishments inflicted on SCP-8469-A will, in some form, relate to the crimes they committed.

SCP-8469-1, designating itself as the "Judge", is described as a 5 meter tall female humanoid wearing a traditional judge's gown and a white mask of unknown material featuring a neutral expression. SCP-8469-A instances detail the anomaly displaying a calm yet stern demeanor, as well as a sense of intimidation and disapproval despite a lack of change in the mask's expression. This entity also wields a gavel which is used to awaken the SCP-8469-A instance at the end of the event. 

SCP-8469-2, proclaiming itself as the "Executioner", is described as a 5 meter tall female humanoid wearing a dark cloak, whose body is composed entirely of a black mist-like substance. This entity is reported to behave aggressively and violently towards SCP-8469-A, often participating in berating and antagonizing the instances. SCP-8469-2 can manifest in the physical world, and across various encountersSee Addendum 8469-01, has also demonstrated various offensive and defensive capabilities.

The most notable of SCP-8469-2's abilities involve the transmission of a deadly cognitohazard through direct contact with the entity, as well as extensive manipulation of its own body structure. When used on SCP-8469-A, the cognitohazard results in the individual experiencing convulsions, followed by an increase in the temperature of the blood until it reaches its boiling point, culminating with the destruction of all internal bodily structures. On other individuals, however, the cognitohazard induces a comatose state with varying times of recovery. 

SCP-8469 was discovered on 09/24/1990 following an agent's coincidental presence and follow-up encounter with SCP-8469-2 during a Krísis event in a county jail located in Houston,Texas. Further investigation into the anomaly resulted in the discovery of various historical accounts that seemingly depict SCP-8469-1 and SCP-8469-2 differently across many periods in historySee Addendum 8469-04. Analysis of data regarding SCP-8469 has also revealed that the amount of activity displayed by the anomaly has inscreased with time, going from two-week intervals in the late 20th century, to a daily occurrence, with the change ocurring near the start of the 21st century. 

**Addendum 8469-01**: Incident 8469-A

<details>
<summary>+Show Video Log</summary>

**Video Log Transcript**

**Preface:** Following detection of a Krísis event on Foundation satellites taking place at the Nevada Southern Detention Center around 11:00 PM, agents of MTF Mu-13 (Ghostbusters) accompanied by an additional squadron of containment specialists were dispatched from the nearby Site-45 in order to find and contain SCP-8469-2, as well as prevent the Krísis event from achieving completion. Agents of MTF Iota-10 (Damn Feds) present at the location aided in dissemenating a cover story for the other MTF agents.

**Date:** 04/15/1991

**Containment Teams:** [ MTF Iota-10 (Damn Feds)](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#iota-10 ), [ MTF Mu-13 (Ghostbusters)](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#mu-13 ), Gamma Squad

**Subject:** SCP-8469-2

**Team Leads:** Mu-13 Agent Peterson, Iota-10 Agent Niles, Gamma Squad Agent Ramirez

**Team Members:** M-13 Wilhelm, M-13 Wilson, M-13 Dalton, M-13 Barlowe, M-13 Richardson, I-10 Niles, I-10 Quinn, I-10 Jerson, Gamma Squad Agents 2-10

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*The Mu-13 agents make final weapon checks en route to the Detention Center.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Alright everyone, comms check, we're almost at our destination.

**M-13 Dalton:** Check.

**M-13 Wilson:** Check.

**M-13 Barlowe:** Check.

**M-13 Richardson:** Check.

**M-13 Wilhelm:** Check.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Alright, everything seems to be working alright. Gamma one, all comm checks done over here, how are things are your end?

**G-1 Ramirez :** All's good over here.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Site Command, do you read us?

**Site Command:** Loud and clear.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Alright, you all know the plan, containment is priority number one, but don't take any unneccessary risks, we still know next to nothing about this thing, and what little the coats *do* know is not as enlightening as we wish it'd be. If standard firearms and shock units fail to get the job done, Gamma squad's incendiaries should hopefully serve as enough firepower to tire out the bastard.

**M-13 Wilson:** What about the -A instance?

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** If all goes well, then it'll get to see the sun rise tomorrow morning.

**M-13 Wilhelm:** (Sarcastically) Funny that.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Look Wilhelm, I don't know what to tell you, the -A is basically screwed if we don't get the job done, I'm not going to sugar-coat it for you.

*M-13 Wilhelm turns to look at M-13 Peterson.*

**M-13 Wilhelm:** You could at least not call them "it", sir.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** We've already been through this, I'm not going to-

**Site Command:** Squadrons, be ready to deploy in T minus thirty seconds.

*The squadron arms up and prepares to leave the vehicle.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Three, two, one, GO!

*The vehicle stops and all members of Mu-13 and Gamma squad exit. They approach the prison entrance. An Iota-10 agent is present to receive them. The agent is quivering. Guards on the nearby towers shine lights onto the squadrons.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Hey Niles, how's the situation?

**I-10 Lead Niles:** Jerson and Quinn have cleared cell blocks C and D. They're moving on to B, but haven't found anything. Take your squad towards cell block A, SCP-8469-A is most probably there. As for the civs, they already got the memo about our cover story, they shouldn't be interfering with our "investigation".

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Got it.

*He motions towards the MTFs.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Mu-13, you heard him, move towards cell block A. Gamma squad, focus on evacuating as many civs as you can.

*The agents nod in agreement. They each move towards their positions.*

**Site command:** Agent Peterson, how are the temperatures within the prison?

*A few members of the squad shake and quiver.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** As cold as you said it'd be, the temperatures haven't changed.

*Agent Dalton walks to Agent Peterson's side.*

**M-13 Dalton:** That means we're still on time.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Richardson, Barlowe, you head towards the third floor. Wilson and Dalton, you go to the second. Wilhelm, you're with me on the first. 

*The team members nod in agreement, and each run to their respective floor. The prison's lights are out. Agent Peterson illuminates his path with his flashlight attachment. Prisoners press against the bars of their cells.*

**Prisoner 1:** Hey! What's goin on?

**Prisoner 2:** Why is it so cold in here?!

**Prisoner 3:** Who are you people?

**Prisoner 2:** Let us out!

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Oi! If all of you scumbags don't want to have holes in your head, shut the fuck up!

*Many prisoners go quiet, though some quiet murmuring and shuffling remains. A crackling of static over comms.*

**M-13 Wilson:** Peterson, I think I got 'im.

**M-13 Wilhelm:** You sure its the right guy?

**M-13 Wilson:** Yeah, all other inmates are out and about, shiverin an' all that, but this one's asleep as a baby. It don't even react to me banging my rifle against the bars.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** What's the cell number?

**M-13 Wilson:** A-215.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Alright, we're on our way. Everyone head over to Wilson's location now. Site Command, we found the -A instance, manifestation of the entity is yet to occur.

*Agents Peterson and Wilhelm run towards the stairs.*

**Site Command:** Copy. Gamma squad, rejoin Mu-13, Iota-10 will handle the civilians. Mu-13, you are to continue with the objective and set up a perimeter around the -A instance.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Understood, Wilson, is the instance still stable?

**M-13 Wilson:** Affirmative, the instance remains-Fuck!

*Yelling is heard in across agent Wilson's comm channel. Agent Peterson reaches the second floor.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Wilson? What's going on over there?

**M-13 Wilson:** It's the instance, it just bolted upright for no reason. [unintelligible] 

*Agents Peterson and Wilhelm arrive at Agent Wilson's location. Agent Dalton has unloaded and prepared one of the portable shock units.*

**Site Command:** Agent Peterson, report on the instance's status.

*The inmate is huddled in the corner of the cell crying uncontrollably. The murmurs from the other prisoners have now stopped.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** The instance is awake, that means the anomaly should- Oh shit!

*A black mist manifests within the cell and expands outwards, momentarily disorienting the personnel present. Footage distorts momentarily. When the the camera refocuses, the mist has coalesced into a floating, vaguely humanoid form. All agents aim their weapons at the entity. It does not move.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Ramirez, get your squad over here now! 

**G-1 Ramirez:** We're on our way.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Richardson, where are you and Barlowe?

**M-13 Richardson:** We've set up on the walkways above you, opposite to the entity's location. If anything happens, we have direct line of sight.

*SCP-8469-2 stares at SCP-8469-A. Distant heavy footsteps are heard echoing through the prison.*

**Site Command:** Agent Peterson, attempt to establish communication with the entity.

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Understood. Hey, you! We're gonna need you to step out of that cell and come with us right now. Do that, and things won't have to get messy around here.

*SCP-8469-2 does not move.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Did you hear me? I said step out of the cell!

*The entity starts moving towards the SCP-8469-A instance. Its right arm rearranges itself into a bladed weapon.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** Site Command, permission to engage?

**Site Command:** Permission granted.

*All agents begin firing at SCP-8469-2. Every projectile passes through the entity without any noticeable effect. The entity turns to look at the agents and speaks in what was later identified to be a variation of Ancient Mycenaean Greek.*

 

**SCP-8469-2:** (Mycenaean Greek) Obstructors!

*Agent Dalton throws one of the portable shock units at the entity. The cube-shaped device lands on the ground and sends arcs of electricity towards SCP-8469-2. The arcs launch the entity backwards, disorienting it for a few seconds before it recovers and destroys the device with its bladed appendage.*

*The entity cranes its head and lets out a high pitched screech, after which it phases through the bars of the cell and flies towards the attacking agents. Agents Peterson, Dalton, and Wilhelm manage to duck under the entity, but Agent Wilson is pierced by the appendage and thrown over the railing.*

**M-13 Wilhelm:** Wilson!

*The entity continues on its path upwards towards the other Mu-13 agents. A sudden flash of red light is expelled from the entity's face and the two agents fall to the floor unconscious. SCP-8469-2 looks down at the remaining Mu-13 agents, but is hit by a barrage of bullets from Gamma squad in the lower floors.*

**M-13 Lead Peterson:** M-13 agents down! Niles, get Iota-10 in here now! We need backup.

**G-1 Ramirez:** We have eyes on the entity!

*The remaining Mu-13 members aim their weapons towards SCP-8469-2. Before they can fire, the entity uses its second arm to fire a barrage of projectiles towards the agents. Agent Dalton manages to dodge the attack, but agent Peterson is hit in his chest and neck, while Agent Wilhelm is pinned to the wall by multiple projectiles in his arm. Agent Peterson collapses to the ground near one of the cells and Agent Wilhelm can be heard yelling out of sight.*

**M-13 Dalton:** Fuck! Peterson, are you still with me?

*Agent Dalton checks the body for a pulse.*

**M-13 Dalton:** Shit. Shit! Peterson's dead. 

*Agent Wilhelm can be heard violently coughing.*

**M-13 Dalton:** Don't touch that! Let me help you out of there.

*Yelling and gunfire can be heard in the floor below, followed by another flash of red light.*

**G-1 Ramirez:** Johnson, above you!

**I-10 Quinn:** Multiple agents down. I repeat, multiple agents down! Site command, we need medvac now!

**G-1 Ramirez:** They won't get here on time Quinn, gather what's left of our agents and get out of here! I'll slow it down in the meantime.

*The sound of the conflict continues. A blast of fire rises above the walkways followed by a high pitched screech from SCP-8469-2.*

**M-13 Dalton:** Sorry Mark, this is gonna hurt! 

*The sudden sound of a blade exiting flesh and a pained scream, then the cell block goes silent. Agent Dalton can be heard trying to remove the projectiles from Agent Wilhelm's arm.*

**M-13 Wilhelm:** Site Command, we have multiple downed agents.

*The sound of flesh tearing and another pained groan, then something clatters onto the ground beside Agent Peterson's body. Agent Wilhelm winces in pain.*

**M-13 Wilhelm:** Peterson's KIA, don't know about the rest of the team though. 

**Site Command:** Agents are on their way, just hold on for a little longer. What do you see? Where is the entity?

**M-13 Dalton:** We don't know, its gone quiet, but I think that- no, NO!

*Commotion can be heard, and another object clatters onto the ground.*

**Site Command:** What's happening Mu-13?

**M-13 Wilhelm:** It's -2! It's coming back up!

**Site Command:** Stay calm Agent Wilhelm. Focus on freeing yourself then joining the rest of the agents outside the prison.

*A third object falls and hits the ground.*

**M-13 Wilhelm:** The -A is still alive, we have to get him out too.

**M-13 Dalton:** Are you kidding me, Mark?! There is no way we can get him out alive, we are leaving now!

**Site Command:** The SCP-8469-A instance is lost, leave it and rejoin the other agents, that's an order.

*The sound of another object being thrown is accompanied by multiple gunshots. The shock unit lands on the ground beside agent Peterson's body, it has been pierced by a long and sharp projectile. More gunshots, then the sound of flesh being pierced and multiple heavy thumps against the metal walkway.*

*Nothing happens for thirty seconds until a steady stream of red light begins to emanate from SCP-8469-A's cell. As the red light intensifies, the instance begins screaming until the screams are instead replaced by wet gurgling. After three minutes, the light disappears and the instance becomes silent. The bodies of the downed agents are recovered half an hour later.* 

[END LOG]

</details>

**Addendum 8469-02**: Abbridged Punishment Archive

<details>
<summary>+Show document</summary>

> For ease of classification, all current and future SCP-8469-A instances that are not Foundation personnel (including D class) are to be classified as SCP A- followed by the number that continues the previous classified instance in the sequence. Any "time based" punishments, such as comas or effects of limited duration, are to be classified as normal, but the documents updated at a later date if the punishment ceases to take effect.

| Name | Crime | Punishment |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Agent Barlowe | (Presumed) Obstruction of justice | 4 hour coma, followed by extreme headache that lasted for eight consecutive hours, no additional effects were noted |
| Agent Jerson | (Presumed) Obstruction of justice | 5 hour coma |
| Agent Marques | (Presumed) Obstruction of justice | 4 day coma, followed by muscle fatigue and weakened physical state, lasted one week |
| Agent Richardson | (Presumed) Obstruction of justice | 8 month coma, followed by insomniac episodes as well as occasional spastic movements |
| Agent Deglin | (Presumed) Obstruction of justice | 1 year coma, followed by an extreme aversion to dark environments and paranoia. |
| SCP A-06 | Grand larceny | Amputation of both hands |
| SCP A-07 | Espionage | Removal of the eyes |
| SCP A-08 | Swindling and conning | Removal of the tongue |
| SCP A-09 | Kidnapping | Removal of the ability to walk via the severing of the lower spinal cord |
| SCP A-10 | Hacking and blackmail | Removal of all knowledge related to technology and induced with extreme technophobia |
| SCP A-11 | Assault and battery | Cuts and gashes across the entire body, leaving many permanent scars |
| SCP A-12 | Multiple accounts of harassment and stalking | Schizophrenia-like symptoms, extreme paranoia, sleep paralysis and night terrors |
| SCP A-13 | Negligence resulting in death | Death |
| SCP A-14 | Involuntary manslaughter | Death |
| SCP A-15 | 1st degree murder | Death |
| D-9431 | Patricide | [Redacted] |
</details>

@@ @@

**To:** marshall@scp.int

**From:** alvarez@scp.int

**Subject:** Research

---

Elliot, I've got a research proposal I need you to approve. It's basic, but I think it would at least confirm a couple of theories I have about the anomaly.

Basically, I would like to have myself, and other researchers analyze the body of the next victim if they happen to occur in another site. I know the risk SCP-8469-2 poses, but from what we've seen, the entity won't attack us as long as we don't "interfere" with the punishment process. 

Marcus Alvarez

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** alvarez@scp.int

**From:** marshall@scp.int

**Subject:** Re: Research

---

I'll approve of your proposal on the condition that you take a squad of security personnel alongside you, as well as have the lockdown sequence for the chamber on standby. If SCP-8469-2 does start attacking personnel, you must seal the chamber until its demanifestation, regardless of casualties.

You are to continually update me on the status of the test and provide me with the reports at the conclusion of the experiment.

P.S. Please refer to the victims as SCP-8469-A instances.

Elliot Marshall

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** marshall@scp.int

**From:** alvarez@scp.int

**Subject:** Re: Re: Research

---

Understood. I'll notify the rest of the researchers when I get the official papers on this test over and done. 

P.S. Stop with the formalities, no need to be so formal among friends.

Marcus Alvarez

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**Addendum 8469-03:** Incident 8469-B

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 10/28/2023

**NOTE:** A Krísis event was reported to have been taking place at Foundation Site-666, wherein Senior Researcher Alvarez found himself to be stationed at the time. Following the acceptance of his research proposal by Senior Researcher Marshall, he and a group of five other personnel (three researchers and two guards), took the SCP-8469-A instance into a test chamber to analyze the instance's body.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**21:30:05:** Dr. Alvarez and his team wheel SCP-8469-A into the test chamber, proceeding to attach multiple medical instruments and monitoring tools before exiting towards the observation room.

**22:45:52:** No change with the SCP-8469-A instance. Dr. Colin paces across the room and appears to be nervous. He asks Dr. Alvarez a question, to which he shakes his head and gives a response. Dr. Colin appears upset after the response.

**23:15:30:** No change with the instance. Dr. Colin appears visibly shaken and nervous. He asks Dr. Alvarez another question to which he shakes his head again. He turns to speak with the other members of the group but they all either ignore him or look uncomfortable at what he says. 

**23:55:37:** Dr. Colin approaches one of the two security personnel guarding the entrance to the chamber and asks him a question. When he shakes his head, the researcher pulls out a scalpel from his coat pocket and stabs both personnel on their legs. Dr. Colin proceeds to hastily attempt to input the code to the testing chamber before he is tackled by Dr. Alvarez. While the two researchers grapple, the downed agents recover and manage to restrain Dr. Colin.

**23:58:29:** Medical assistance arrives to treat the injured personnel, and other security agents take away Dr. Colin for questioning. The junior researcher continues yelling and reaching for the testing chamber as he is taken away.

**24:00:10:** SCP-8469-2 manifests. All personnel evacuate and SCP-8469-A is promptly killed in the aftermath.

---

[END LOG]

> **Interviewed:** Junior Researcher Colin

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Santiago

> 

> **Foreword:** As Dr. Marshall was still in transit towards Site-666, Researcher Anthony Santiago, who was working on the SCP-8469 anomaly but not present during the attack by the Dr. Colin, was ordered to carry out the interview.

> 

> **<Begin Log, 07:21:48>**

> 

> **Dr. Santiago:** State your name for the record please.

> 

> **Dr. Colin:** <scoffs> Is this really necessary Anthony?

> 

> **Dr. Santiago:** Name for the record, *please*.

> 

> **Dr. Colin:** Richard Colin, Junior Researcher.

> 

> **Dr. Santiago:** Alright, now that the formalities are out of the way, would you care to explain what you were trying to achieve with that stunt? I mean, if you were trying to quit the Foundation, then there were many easier ways to do so.

> 

> **Dr. Coling:** I was doing the right thing.

> 

> **Dr. Santiago:** I bet the people you stabbed beg to differ.

> 

> <Dr. Colin slams his fists on the table.>

> 

> **Dr. Colin:** (Agitated) Well at least they are alive to disagree with me! Can't say shit for that man Alvarez just murdered.

> 

> **Dr. Santiago:** Your actions could've resulted in everyone in that room being killed, and you think that is doing the right thing?

> 

> **Dr.  Colin:** Oh, enough with the bullshit Anthony. I may be a junior researcher, but we *both* read the anomaly's file, so you know as well as I do that going into that chamber and waking up that man would have *only* resulted in one life saved. 

> 

> **Dr. Santiago:** You don't know that. We have yet to fully grasp the true extent of what this anomaly is capable of. Which is why the tests are being done in the first place.

> 

> **Dr. Colin:** Please, all that useless data did was prove facts that were already proven one hundred times before. Alvarez just wanted to let that man die.

> 

> **Dr. Santiago:** He was a D-class, it's *their* job to help us understand anomalies by putting themselves on the line. If he had to die to help us get one step closer to containing this anomaly, then so be it. Besides, you *do* know the reason they become D-class in the first place?

> 

> **Dr. Colin:** I don't give a damn about what he did, he already faced his judgement. But us? We could've stopped that man from dying in the first place, but you all let him die! You think they won't condemn that?

> 

> **Dr. Santiago:** Pardon, they?

> 

> **Dr. Colin:** Yes, *they*. They condemned that man to death for what he did, and now, they'll condemn everyone in that room for letting him face death in the first place. 

>   

> **<End Log, 7:30:45>**

> 

> **Closing statement:** Following a thorough mental evaluation, Dr. Colin was found to have been under the effects of long-term sleep deprivation, resulting in mood swings, unstable behavior, and rash decision making. Based on these findings, Dr. Colin was removed from the SCP-8469 project and provided Class C amnestics, as well as a two month suspension period.

@@ @@

**To:** alvarez@scp.int

**From:** marshall@scp.int

**Subject:** Status update

---

Hello Marcus, I was notified about what happened, are you doing well? Did you manage to find anything useful with the test? 

Elliot Marshall

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** marshall@scp.int

**From:** alvarez@scp.int

**Subject:** Re: Status Update

---

A few bruises here and there but otherwise fine, thanks for asking.

Anyways, I did find some data, or rather lack of data, that helps prove my theory. The victim's brainwaves stayed stable and unchanging throughout the entire event, no physical reaction to the cold temperatures, and seemingly no other physical or mental side effects. Except for the aforementioned symptoms, as well as the "permanent" REM stage throughout the event, the victims are for all intents and purposes "fine".

This lack of any significant change is not usually present with "dream based" anomalies, which means that these entities are different. I believe that they are not residing in dreams, but rather use them to infiltrate the target's minds and take them somwhere else.

Marcus Alvarez

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** alvarez@scp.int

**From:** marshall@scp.int

**Subject:** Re: Re: Status update

---

Interesting theory, we must continue replicating the tests in order to gain more data then. I'll have added security assist you in the future, as well as vet any researchers in the project. We can't have any more incidents.

Elliot Marshall

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** marshall@scp.int

**From:** alvarez@scp.int

**Subject:** Updates to procedure

---

I forgot to mention, I did some research on Dr. Colin and what he'd been doing prior to the incident, and I found out that a few days ago he'd been reading some of the historical documents we recently found. Maybe that's what got him stressed out.

Speaking of, do you think we should implement the waking up of the D-class as part of the procedure, it would be saving their lives (for the time being), and it might assuage some of the stresses on the working researchers.

Marcus Alvarez

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** alvarez@scp.int

**From:** marshall@scp.int

**Subject:** Re: Updates to procedure

---

That could be a possibility, I'll review the content of the documents in case he could've found something we missed early on. In regards to your suggestion, I'll have to deny your request. We must keep the tests consistent and uniform. Waking up the D-class could be dangerous not only because it might lead to in altered results, but also the randomness of the SCP-8469-A awakenings and entity manifestations.

Elliot Marshall

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**Addendum 8469-04:** Historical Documentations

 

> July 30 1945

> 

> Something is wrong with me, there has to be. There must've been something wrong with the medicine. I knew I shouldn't have taken it, I should've just fought through the pain. That wouldn't explain the hand though… I probably sound crazy, if I'm not already. I just have to write this down, get it out of my chest, otherwise I think I'll go mad.

> 

> Last night something odd happened. I remember stashing away my most recent haul between the floorboards before I headed off to bed, but then waking up a few minutes later for no reason. I wasn't in the house anymore, instead, I was in a courtroom like the one I'd been in a couple of years ago. There were also three giant wooden thrones, and three giant women sitting on each of them. One was small, with long hair that resembled a starry night sky, and a glittering white dress, another, in the middle, looked oddly like the judge from the trial in 39', except for the mask and gender of course. The last one, on the left, well she'd be right at home on All Hallows Eve. She was basically a ghost made of black smoke, wore a grim reaper cloak and everything!

> 

> After I noticed them on the thrones, the one in the middle spoke to me, saying I was in "The Hall of Penance", then spitting a whole spiel about "guilty" and "justice for commited crimes" or whatever. I asked the women who they were, but all they told me was that they were the "Judge", "Jury", and "Executioner". Great, as if human judges weren't enough of a pain already. I tried telling them that the only reason I stole these days was survival. It's not my fault no one wants to hire me, and it certainly isn't my fault that stealing is the only way to feed myself these days, but they didn't even listen!

> 

> I guess I didn't really realize how screwed I was until the spooky one began suggesting my arms be cut off. Naturally, I panicked and argued against the punishment, but apparently my pleas mean bollocks to her since I'm just "lowly scum". While I continued to argue with dark and gloomy, I also caught a glimpse of the smallest one. I don't know if it was just me, but I thought I saw her try to speak to the cloaked one a few times, but was constantly drowned out by our yelling. She was very small compared to the other two, and despite her pristine looks, she looked extremely sad and abandoned. I swear, no one I've seen my whole life has looked as sad as that woman, and it's not like things are any pretty back home either.

> 

> Eventually, the woman in the judge's clothing brought down her gavel and told us to quiet down. Of course, I did what I was told, all the while the three of 'em began to whisper amongst themselves. They spoke in a language I've never heard before, so I can't tell what exactly they were talking about, probably me, though the little one didn't say anything. Despite this, they eventually ended their gossip and announced that I would be returned home a free man, but that I would also be branded so everyone knew what I did. Before I could argue again, the judge brought down the gavel and I woke up on my mattress back home.

> 

> At first, I thought it was a nightmare, but then I noticed the room was cold, *really* cold. Before I could even question it though, the one in the black cloak appeared out of nowhere and pinned me to the ground. I tried to fight back but my kicks and flails went through the damn thing. The worst part though, was when a third arm grew out of the ghost's side and slowly carved some weird words into my forearms. It felt like my arms were being burned to the bone, hell, I still feel the pain now. By the end of the torture I could barely move, and that ghastly woman was nowhere to be seen. I don't know when, but at some point I must have passed out too. I still don't know what that thing was, and I don't care to, I just know that if I don't want to see it again I'll have to fix up my life. Maybe this is the push I need to get my mechanic shop up and running again, a sign from God or whatever. If what's now on my arm *is* a "brand" though, then it's a really shite one, I can't even understand what it says: κακοῦργος.

**Notes:** The entry presented above was part of a longer diary belonging to a man named Mordecai Schmidt, whose journal was found by his grandson, Researcher Thomas Schmidt. Following the mention of a possible third entity, henceforth dubbed SCP-8469-3, efforts to find more historical documents mentioning the anomalies began, resulting in the discoveries of most of the documents seen below. The words carved into Mordecai's forearms roughly translate to "criminal" in Greek.

> November 10, 1520

> 

> Dear Juan,

> 

> I hope this letter finds you well old friend. The expedition has been going well over here, though I must admit, the foreign terrain is quite dangerous, and many of us worry for our safety against the unknown. How is your family? Last time I saw little Alberto he was barely two, yet had so much energy within him, and Maria, how has her bakery been? Oh how I miss the delicacies prepared by her, I wish I had taken some here. Sorry for my tangent, I know I am doing God's work in this savage land, but sometimes I just can't help but reminisce on what I no longer have over here. 

> 

> Regardless, what I am going to say next might seem odd, but I wanted to ask if you could talk one of your friends in the church into coming over here on the next ship. We could use the help of a priest, something happened a few days ago. One of the slaves who could translate the language spoken here to our members furiously attacked and mangled one of our men. While not killed due to his use as a translator, the slave was punished severely. However, that night, me and a few nearby men awoke to horrible screams. When we looked for who was screaming so loudly, we found the slave in the same place he'd been left, however, someone, or something, had taken both of his hands. He did not bleed, but he continued to scream like he was being gutted alive. 

> 

> It was only once he calmed down that we were able to get any information out of him. When our commander asked what had taken his arms, the response he gave was frightening. The slave spoke to us how, in his dreams, his "gods" had visited him, and judged him for his attack and near murder of the soldier. He said how the spotted one condemned him, despite the protests that our men were torturers of his people. In contrast, the feathered serpent offered clemency towards him due to his position as a slave. The serpent compared his actions to ones taken previously by the spotted one, who grew frustrated with the serpent. While these two "gods" argued over the slave's judgement, the one in the middle, the shining sun, listened to both of them speak, and silenced them before making his decision. The shining sun said that the slave should be punished, but not as severely as the spotted one wished, so he decreed that his hands, instrumental in his attack, would be taken as a fitting sacrifice instead. 

> 

> By the end of the slave's story, most of us were but frightened children. In contrast, our commander and some of the others decree his story false, but those of us who heard it still can't help but feel a looming sense of dread in our once safe camp. If his story is true, then it is not only beasts who roam this new land, but demons as well. Please, my friend, if this letter reaches you, heed my call for aid, for when faced with the spawn of Satan, threats like these should never be taken lightly.

**Note:** This letter written by a conquistador soldier during the 16th century was found in the possession of a museum in Mexico City, which detailed the history of the country with a particular focus on the impacts and consequences of the presence of European invaders.

> = Phillip the Brave

---

> The Great Crusade was a tumultuous time full of uncertainty. In the quest to conquer those who opposed our Lord, many died in a brave sacrifice to our cause. Amongst the bravest of these souls was the great Phillip Lowall, a courageous general who lead the holy forces of our kingdom to a great many victories and conquests. He was one of the greatest soldiers who ever graced this world, but alas, even after he successfully led the siege on Nicaea, he would perish shortly afterward in a plague of madness.

> 

> The first sign of this plague came in the form of a vision Phillip recieved days prior to the end of the siege. According to his account, he was visited in his sleep by three powerful figures. The first was a being of pure light bearing the shape of a woman, a flame hovering above her head. The second was a beautiful angel bearing wings like that of doves, clothed in fine silk, and bearing the many eyes of the lord spiraling in unison around her figure. The last figure to visit Phillip was the root of his future madness, it was a red skinned she-demon, clothed in robes as black as night, with bat-like wings of the same color, and horns like that of rams protruding from its head.

> 

> For the first time since the war had begun, Phillip felt truly afraid. While the being of light congratulated him for his loyalty and service, the she-demon despised him, and condemned Phillip for the deaths of the many heretics and sinners that resulted in the war. Even though Phillip was frightened by the power of these beings, his unwavering bravery shone through, and he courageously challenged the she-demon and her claims. Of course a demon such as herself would allow those who reject our Lord to prosper, for spreading sin is the nature of her being!

> 

> The she-demon was furious, and continued to spread lies about great Phillip's honor, much to his offense and disbelief. The two holy figures listened, and the kind angel argued back and forth for Phillip's fate, all while Phillip listened and despaired at his current situation.

> 

> Following a long and arduous discussion, the being of light adressed the ailing soldier, stating that for his crimes, he would be plagued by a madness like no other, doomed to feel the pain and anguish of the heretics he'd killed. Despite the injustice of it all, this plague would soon afflict the honorable Phillip, greatly crippling him and inflicting inmense pain.

> 

> Phillip's fellow comrades would weep for him, but he refused to let this plague stop him. Despite the knowledge that his days were coming to an end, Phillip fought through his curse and arduously led his army in the final days of the siege, securing a complete victory for the Church and our Lord's kingdom. Phillip would perish in this attack, but his great deeds, as well as his bravery, comradery, and courage in the face of heretics and demons alike, will never be forgotten.

**Note:** The previous document is an excerpt of a longer chronicle dating back to the 11th and 12th century A.D. While the chronicle contains the stories and histories of many other notable and historical figures, the provided account is the only piece of information in the chronicle that relates to SCP-8469.

Due to the similarities between the previous excerpt and the scene depicted in the artwork, it has since been determined that the event presented in the piece can be interpreted as an early portrayal of either a previous Krísis event in progress, or the effects of the event in the aftermath. The figures in the artwork can consequently be identified as the three SCP-8469 entities and an SCP-8469-A instance.

**Note:** The following text was discovered hidden within the ruins of a home in a newly discovered settlement located in a mountainous region of the plains of Attica, located between the city of Athens and the ruins of the ancient city of Rhamnous. While efforts were made to translate and recover the entire piece, only the following excerpt was able to be deciphered, as the rest was too heavily damaged and worn away. Dating of the document places its creation to have taken place around the 7th or 6th century B.C., and maintains a style like that of the well-known Homeric Hymns.

>  

> = I sing of the triad of Justice, the great triumvirate of goddesses, 

> = Of the saviors of the innocent, and punishers of the guilty,

> = They who will save mankind from their sins, and ensure just condemnation.

> = First there is beautiful Themis, the lady of good council,

> = She who gives wisdom and reason to the gods, the chooser of the fate of the damned.

> = Then there is mighty Nemesis, the inescapable punisher,

> = She who pursues the blameworthy, striking them down with the flames of her wrath.

> = Finally there is compassionate Elea, the divine giver of mercy,

> = She who takes humanity in her warm embrace, savior of the deserving and the atoned.

> = These three magnificent goddesses, enforcers of true justice, imposers of penance,

> = Born into their celestial duty, to unendingly chase those of wicked thought,

> = Those who dare defy the sacred laws, who enjoy the pain they force upon the guiltless.

> = There is no escape for them, not through land or sea or sky, 

> = Not even the spell of Soft-eyed Hypnos allows them to run from their doomed fate,

> = For these splendid goddesses know no bounds in their chase of triumph.

> = May their grand powers continue to guard humanity from the sin of the malign,

> = Proudly defending the reign of virtuousness no matter the cost.

> = I praise you three in awe of your holy mission. Hail to the trinity.

> = To the eminent immortals of equity, hail.

@@ @@

**To:** marshall@scp.int 

**From:** alvarez@scp.int

**Subject:** Temporary leave

---

Hey Elliot, Zimmerman's going on a temporary leave. Said it was about his mental health going down the drain recently. The papers should be coming in soon. 

Marcus Alvarez

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** alvarez@scp.int

**From:** marshall@scp.int

**Subject:** Re: Temporary leave

---

Zimmerman too? Having this many researchers leave at once is already causing problems with work management, we can't have any more leave, otherwise we won't be able to keep up with the research deadlines. Why does everyone keep leaving?

Elliot Marshall

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** marshall@scp.int

**From:** alvarez@scp.int

**Subject:** About the researchers

---

Things have just been a bit tense after Colin attacked us. They probably just need a break. Hell, even I could use one right about now. It's hard to have any decent sleep after Colin's freaky meltdown.

Maybe implementing the procedures I talked to you about could actually *help* our co-workers be a little less stressed. I mean, I'm sure watching a D-class die a couple of feet away every other day is doing wonders for their mental well-being.

Marcus Alvarez 

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** alvarez@scp.int

**From:** marshall@scp.int

**Subject:** Calm down

---

Colin was inexperienced, a lot of junior researchers have a tendency to let the anomalous get to their heads, at least until they find their footing. However, if you really feel this anomaly is affecting you mentally, take some time off, I can't have you working on dangerous anomalies half asleep. 

In regards to the Ds, interference is still prohibited. Having the Krísis event take place in a location we can monitor easily allows for greater control over the whole anomaly. If researchers keep reporting mental and physical distress, we can have them rotate with new personnel every few weeks.

Elliot Marshall

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**Addendum 8469-05:** Incident 8469-C

> = **INCIDENT REPORT**

> ----

> **INCIDENT #:** 8469-C

> **DATE OF OCCURRENCE:** 03/21/2024

> ----

> Around the hours of 3:00 AM, following detection of a Krísis event ocurring in the home of Senior Researcher Harold Birkin in [REDACTED], various MTF agents were deployed towards the senior researcher's location in order to intercept the event as fast as possible. Despite their attempts to reach the residence before the event could end, their efforts were impeded by a severe tropical storm that had been taking place at the time. When the agents were able to reach the location, researcher Birkin was nowhere to be found. 

> 

> Twenty minutes after the Krísis event was first recorded, researcher Birkin was found to have suddenly appeared in a vacuum quarantine chamber in Foundation Site-45, wearing an oxygen mask with two air tanks connected via tubes. When on-site personnel realized his whereabouts and tried to free him, he frantically yelled for them to not open the doors to his chamber, as he had been exposed to a sample of [ SCP-009](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-009 ). The personnel who tried to free him also noticed that the researcher had a stab wound in the lower left section of his torso infected with samples of SCP-009. Following this discovery, an interview between Dr. Birkin and Dr. Alvarez was arranged.

> **Interviewed:** Senior researcher Harold Birkin

> 

> **Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Marcus Alvarez

> 

> **Foreword:** Dr. Alvarez was able to arrive to Site-45 within half an hour of Dr. Birkin's reappearance. When Dr. Alvarez took his place in front of the glass window facing Dr. Birkin, red ice crystals had already begun forming in spots along Birkin's epidermis, most notably, in and around the stab wound he had displayed when he first reappeared.

> 

> **<Begin Log, 03:55>**

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Would you state your name for the record?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Harold Birkin, Senior Researcher at the SCP Foundation.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** So... how do you feel Birkin?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Are you seriously asking me that question? My body is slowly transforming into ice as we speak! How do you think I feel Marcus? 

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** ...

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** (groans) Sorry for the outburst, it's just... I'm in pain. This entire night has been a downward spiral since 8469 first got to me, and knowing I'm about to die soon isn't helping the matter much either.

> 

> *Dr. Birkin winces in pain as new crystals begin to slowly emerge from the skin of his left arm.*

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** No need to apologize, though I guess we should talk about the main reason this interview is being conducted.

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** SCP-8469, I know. 

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Did you notice anything unusual during the day, or the hours leading up to the Krísis event taking place? Anything that could reveal targeting by the anomaly?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Not really, the day was the same like any other, even during the time window where Krísis events are known to begin occurring, I didn't feel anything unusual.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Alright, how would you describe then, the process of your manifestation in the Hall?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** The process felt sudden, even though I couldn't tell how much time had passed since I fell asleep. Manifesting in the courtroom felt like I was being physically pulled out of unconsciousness and into my body. All of my senses rushed back to me at once, and for a few seconds I experienced a bout of dizziness and confusion.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** And were any of the anomalies present at that moment?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** No, the thrones were empty, so I was able to get a good look at them. Although I wasn't able to identify all of the carvings, most of them looked Greek, with a few more that looked Norse, Egyptian, Aztec, as well as other ancient cultures. They were mostly religous, showing creatures, gods, events, and things like that. 

> 

> *He groans while clutching his midsection.*

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** A few seconds after looking at the thrones, the doors to the courtroom swung open and soon after immediately closed, making me look back. When I turned around, the two anomalies were sitting on their thrones. 

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Following this, how did the interactions with the anomalies proceed?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Well, it wasn't that great. SCP-8469-1 was cordial enough, she greeted me professionally and remained with a more or less neutral attitude throughout most of the event, albeit showing some disdain towards me in more than one occasion. SCP-8469-2 however, was nothing other than hateful, demeaning, and spiteful, as you probably know. 

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** What happened after this?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** After -1 addressed me, it proceeded to name the reason I was being "prosecuted". The anomalies accused me of murder and abuse of power across my career working for the Foundation, namely, using my time working with SCP-009Records show Dr. Birkin leaving the SCP-009 project roughly two decades prior to their encounter with the SCP-8469 entities as proof.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** I didn't know you worked on 009, why did you never tell me?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** You never asked, and when it comes to the jobs I've taken while in the Foundation, actively killing people by turning their blood into ice isn't something I'm proud of. Wouldn't you want to avoid that topic in a conversation if *you* were the one who had to carry out the experiments?

>  

> **Dr. Alvarez:** I guess so.

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Of course... But in regards to the 009 case, I was in charge of making the decisions on what tests on the anomaly would be approved, denied, or carried out. I was also the one who approved and used D-class personnel in the experiments taking place.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** So, I'm guessing the deaths of the D-class are the reason why they condemn you?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Yup. I tried to justify the decision, saying that it was for the benefit of finding a cure, seeing how the anomaly works, etc. SCP-8469-2 didn't feel this way though, it said that we had already found information on the anomaly's abilities, and even if we needed more information on how it functioned, D-class personnel weren't necessary, at least, not as many as we used. 

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** It was defending the D-class personnel? Not that I'm judging, but from what I've seen these past few years, -2 would love killing the Ds itself, why is it defending them now?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Yeah, quite hypocritical isn't it? From what I could gather though, it wasn't "defending" them necessarily, it simply found the loss of life unnecessary, since there were other methods of testing 009's abilities.

> 

> *Dr. Birkin begins having a severe coughing fit. After a few seconds, he regains composure.*

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Anyway, in that same "conversation" I also tried telling it how, even if I killed D-class on purpose, it wouldn't be any different from what they did on a daily basis. It refused to answer any more of my questions after that, although they did call our species incapable of fair judgement and "easily corruptible".

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Why do they get to judge us then? 

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** No clue, based on the fact they refer to our species separately from themselves, I guess their reasoning is that since they aren't human, they can judge us all they want. 

> 

> *He grimaces as he scratches and tears away some of the crystals that had grown across his left forearm.* 

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Did you mention the third entity?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Tried to, when I did, the entire room went silent. Even SCP-8469-2 went as quiet as a corpse, which was a nice change of pace. However, as quickly as it occurred, everything went back to "normal", and the entities carried on talking to each other about my punishment.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** So no leads on that?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Nope, as far as you, me, or anyone else knows, the entity could be missing, or worse, dead. After that debacle, -1 told me I was sentenced to experience the same fate I had dealt to those D-class ages ago. -2 transported me to where we'd found 009, grabbed one of the icicles made out of the anomaly, and stabbed me with it, then took me here, presumably to contain 009 spread. 

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** At least it was nice enough to do that. What do you think they'll do in the future?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Honestly, I don't know (he winces in pain and grasps his chest). The only thing I can say though, is that they won't stop until they punish all "guilty" people, whatever their definition of it entails. Regardless, if we want to make things better, we need to find the third one.

> 

> *He proceeds to cough up small shards of red ice, which land on the floor in front of him.*

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Didn't you just say it could be dead? How are we supposed to find it if we don't even kow what happened to it.

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** I know what I said, but if we want to make some real change, we need -3 to come back in order to keep -2 in check. We don't know if it's dead or not, so until we can prove one or the other, it never hurts to have a little hope. 

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** I'll look into the matter, maybe we can find a way to search for the entity if the O5s approve it.

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Good.

> 

> *Another violent fit of coughs erupt from his mouth, spilling more shards and blood onto the floor.*

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** (in a raspy voice) Marcus, before I... go, can you promise me something?

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** What do you need?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Can you please ensure my family is taken care of? After I'm dead.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** I promise. Whatever happens, I'll do my best to ensure they are safe and sound.

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** I... I also need you to make sure that Damien never comes anywhere near the Foundation. My boy... he's smart, too smart for his age, and I could never be more proud of him. He just graduated from university, top of his class, and I know he'll only get smarter from here on out, and it scares me Marcus. As a father, it's scary enough letting him go, but knowing that I won't be there for him, and knowing the type of people the Foundation look to recruit, I'm terrified. I need you to promise me that the Foundation will never, *never*, employ Damien.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Harold, you know I can't promise that, I don't have a say in those decisions.

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Please Marcus, you know the type of shit that we go through here. Look at me! Look at the hundreds of bodies that we have to bury or incinerate on a daily basis! If Damien joins the Foundation, I'll never be able to forgive myself. Please, at least promise me you'll try.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** (sighing) Alright Harold, I'll try.  

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** Thank you old friend. 

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** ...Do you have any regrets Harold?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** More than you can know. My biggest? That I'll never get to see Melody grow up, and that I won't be able to keep my promise to Nicole.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** (Light chuckle) Which of the many?

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** (Chuckles) The one about retiring to a log cabin in the woods together.

> 

> *Dr. Brikin. grimaces slightly as more crystals begin forming across his skin. He covers his eyes and wipes away tears that have begun forming on them.*

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** I'm going to miss you Harold. I'll try to keep my promise, for you.

> 

> **Dr. Birkin:** I'll miss you too Marcus, thank you for being my friend.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing statement:** Following the conclusion of this interview, Dr. Birkin expired 2 hours after initial exposure to SCP-009, and all traces of the anomaly were able to be successfully recovered and moved to storage. Due to the presence of SCP-009 in Dr. Birkin's body, his remains had to be chemically desiccated as per protocol when handling infected organisms. A cover story was promptly given to his family about his death resulting from a chemical accident in a laboratory, and funerary rites were coordinated and held accordingly.

@@ @@

**To:** alvarez@scp.int

**From:** marshall@scp.int

**Subject:** Urgent

---

Marcus, have you heard back from any of the memeticists? If we don't want any involvement from the overseers, then we need to get this site under control soon.

Elliot Marshall

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** marshall@scp.int

**From:** alvarez@scp.int

**Subject:** Stop being an idiot

---

Elliot, you know as well as I do that there is no fucking memetic hazard! I know it, the agents you called know it, and you know it. The only thing that's happening here is that everyone found out Birkin's dead, and now they've begun panicking because they think that they could be next.

Marcus Alvarez 

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

**To:** alvarez@scp.int

**From:** marshall@scp.int

**Subject:** Get your shit together

---

Even if it isn't a memetic hazard, we still need to carry out some sort of suppression system. I'll talk to the Site Director to see if we can isolate this site until things are under control. I don't want information about the anomaly spreading to other sites if it will cause a similar response to the one here.

Elliot Marshall

Senior Researcher

Secure, Contain, Protect

@@ @@

#### Foundation Activity Report

---

Site 45 has demonstrated a sharp and intense decrease in activity, around 50%, as well as in the mental well being of all personnel located at the site, around 80%. This extreme change in productivity can be associated with recent developments concerning SCP-8469, whose containment is currently being handled by Senior Researcher Elliot Marshall. Reduction in productivity and mental well being of staff on other sites, while being less drastic, is still lower than expected statistics, and can also be attributed to the spreading of information regarding SCP-8469. Proper countermeasures for these effects are currently being discussed.

@@ @@

> = **Video Transcript**

---

> **LOCATION:** Dr. Marshall's office

> **DATE:** 06/15/2024

> **INDIVIDUALS PRESENT:** D. Marshall, Dr. Alvarez

> **FOREWORD:** The following events take place seven hours before Dr. Marshall makes a project proposal to the O5 Council concerning the aftermath of Incident 8469-C, as well as the effects it had on Foundation personnel afterwards.

---

> [Begin Transcript]

> 

> <Dr. Marshall is seen sitting at his desk preparing documents concerning the project proposal. The doors to the office open and Dr. Alvarez walks in. He bears symptoms of severe sleep deprivation, constantly looking around the room and slowly swaying his body as he stands.>

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** H-Hey Elliot, when's your meeting with the council?

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** In a couple of hours, I've told you this before. Are you okay Marcus?

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** No, but that doesn't matter. What matters is that whatever your project is, it'll help stop this anomaly soon. Speaking of, what's the project about?

> 

> <Dr. Marshall looks uneasy. He looks from the papers on his desk to Dr. Alvarez.>

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** Marcus, I think you should go.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** What do you mean?

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** You look like you haven't slept in weeks. You are not okay. I think you should take a break.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** You are right about one thing, I haven't been sleeping a whole lot, but trust me, I'm okay. You got me onto this anomaly for a reason, and I'm going to help whatever way I can. Besides, once we get this anomaly under control, I'll be able to sleep soundly again.

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** You can help by getting some sleep. In this state of mind you won't be helping anyone. So please just go home and rest..

> 

> <Dr. Alvarez begins to get agitated.>

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** I can't rest Elliot! Not when those things could come at any moment and kill me in my sleep!

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** ...

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** (Sighs) Sorry. Just... for my peace of mind. What did you find? How is this project going to help us?

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** Mass amnesticization of personnel. Following that, all information will be classified to a higher clearance and efforts will be made to research and possibly find more data on SCP-8469-3.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** What?

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** I will also ask for more personnel to be embedded in law enforcement and judicial systems in order to maintain control on the overall criminal population.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Are you kidding me Marshall? 

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** That's the best we can do right now. I'm sorry.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Sorry? Sorry?! Are you insane? Do you seriously think the best way to deal with this shit is to make everyone forget?

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** Yes, and you should too. Just look at yourself! If everyone else in the Foundation learns about the anomaly, just imagine what could happen.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** Stop treating this like it's some kind of fucking disease, and start actually working towards capturing the entities responsible for this in the first place!

> 

> <Dr. Alvarez begins to get agitated. He paces around the room eratically.>

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** It may not be a disease, but if you or any other of our researchers stopped acting like children, you would realize that it must be treated as such.

> 

> **Dr. Alvarez:** What?! So you think wanting to stop these killer entities is acting like children?

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** No, but being unable to face the consequences of your actions with dignity *is*.

> 

> <Dr. Alvarez stops moving. He stares at Dr. Marshall with an expression of anger.>

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** Do you think I'm ignorant to why everyone has been acting the way they are? It's because they can't handle facing the consequences of this job. It's easy when you have to send a criminal into the jaws of a monster and just record what happens, but not so much when the monster turns its eyes to you. It's only now that they realize how much danger that monster truly poses to them.

> 

> <Dr. Alvarez begins trembling.>

> 

> **Dr. Marshall:** I know being part of this organization isn't a walk in the park. Everyone here has had to, and will have to, do terrible shit in order to keep humanity alive. I know it, you know it, and everyone else who works here knows it. But if you don't have the guts or the dignity to pay the price for humanity's safety, then you should've left this organization the day you realized what we do to the D-class personnel.

> 

> <Dr. Alvarez shudders and, without warning, lunges towards Dr. Marshall. Dr. Marshall moves out of the way and presses a button underneath his desk. Dr. Alvarez yells incoherently as he continues reaching for Dr. Marshall. After a few seconds, security personnel enter the office and restrain Dr. Alvarez. He continues to yell and thrash around as he is detained by the agents.>

> 

> [End Transcript]

@@ @@

#### PROJECT JUSTITIA

#### INITIAL PROPOSAL

---

**Purpose:** Restrict access to any and all information relating to SCP-8469 for personnel below the required clearance, thereby preventing personnel from being negatively impacted by the knowledge of the anomaly. Following this, the secondary purpose of Project Justitia will be the mitigation and alleviation of SCP-8469's Krísis events through the control and management of law enforcement and judicial systems, as well as the continued search for SCP-8469-3.

---

**Methodology:** The first phase of Project Justitia will consist of increasing the security clearance required to access the article to Level 5. Any personnel who will be working on the anomaly after Project Justitia's enactment will be hand selected by Dr. Elliot Marshall and the O5 Council following a thorough vetting process and investigation into their work ethic, past, and loyalty to the goals of the Foundation.

Through detailed analysis of Foundation systems, all personnel who are found to have accessed SCP-8469's file or possess knowledge about the anomaly without having Level 5 clearance, or being granted level 8469/5 clearance, are to be provided Class C amnestics before being returned to active duty. Following this, the next phase of Project Justitia is to be enacted, wherein specifically chosen agents and personnel are embedded in law enforcement agencies, governments, and judicial systems across the world. 

While no direct correlation has been found between the activity of SCP-8469 and the rising crime rates, it can be deduced that by promoting and enforcing laws that result in less criminal activity, as well as ensuring that the judicial process is carried out equally for all parties, activity of SCP-8469 should be diminished greatly. Having agents in these systems would also provide greater control over the existing criminal population, making finding SCP-8469-A's significantly easier. This phase of the project is to be maintained indefinitely.

The final phase of the project will consist of the continued search and recovery of SCP-8469-3. Due to the "human alligned" interest demonstrated by the entity in historical data, finding and possibly recovering SCP-8469-3 will be considered a top priority moving forward. The enlistment of several Foundation thaumaturgists, as well as [ MTF Omicron Rho (The Dream Team)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/task-forces#omicron-rho ), is recommended in order to find possible anomalous means of finding, recovering, or "resurrecting" SCP-8469-3.

Due to his recent actions, as well as past demonstrations of mental instability and unproffesionalism, the removal of Dr. Marcus Alvarez from the project once he recovers from the detrimental effects of severe sleep deprivation, malnutrition, and mental strain, is strongly recommended.

@@ @@

**O5 Council Vote Tally:**

| Yea | Nay | Abs. |
| --- | --- | --- |
| X |  |  |
| X |  |  |
|  | X |  |
| X |  |  |
|  |  | X |
| X |  |  |
| X |  |  |
| X |  |  |
| X |  |  |
|  |  | X |
|  |  | X |
| X |  |  |
|  | X |  |
**Result:** Project Approved. Enactment is pending.

@@ @@

**Addendum 8469-06:** Project Justitia Update

> = **Notice to All Project Justitia Personnel**

> ~~-~~

> Following the unfortunate passing of Dr. Marshall in the most recent Krísis event, as well as a lack of a chosen successor, a new project lead will be hand selected by members of the O5 Council by the end of the week. Until then, the rest of the project objectives are to be executed as delineated in the proposal, with all results and information being provided directly to the O5 Council. Information regarding the circumstances of Dr. Marshalls death are classified to Project Justitia personnel only, and any violation of this order will be met with summary termination. 

> 

> Due to an increase in Foundation personnel being selected as SCP-8469-A instances, as denoted with the previous two Krísis events, personnel belonging to Project Justitia are to provide daily updates about the times and locations where they sleep for the foreseeable future.

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** ##blue|Any personnel displaying signs of mental distress or long-term sleep deprivation due to working on the anomaly are to be reported immediately to ~~Dr. Elliot Marshall~~ (replacement pending), or the O5 Council. Following this, they will be evaluated, and either amnesticized and transferred to another anomaly, or given a two week relieve from the project. No exceptions are to be made regarding personnel. Due to the possibility of Foundation destabilization, if any personnel are found attempting to leak or spread information regarding the anomaly without authorization of the O5 Council, then they are to be terminated and thoroughly discredited. ##  

Due to SCP-8469-1 and SCP-8469-2's elusive nature as well as their residency outside of the physical plane, containment is currently unfeasable. As such, priority is placed on response measures as well as concealment. When a Krísis event is detected on Foundation satellites, the nearest agent to the area of the event must be contacted and deployed to reach and awaken the afflicted individual by all means at their disposal.

At the conclusion of the event, any nearby witnesses are to be provided Class A amnestics, as well as a cover story about the target individual. If the target survives the event, then they should be taken in for questioning, after which they will be provided Class B amnestics and monitored for the forseeable future.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Notice: There has been **one(1)** recent update to this document. To view the added content, please click the hyperlink below.

@@ @@

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>View Addendum 8469-07</summary>

> = To our successors,

> 

>  I am sorry you were chosen for this position. If you weren't on their hit list before, which I highly doubt due to your high position within the Foundation, you definitely are now by virtue of being in charge of this project. I wish there was more I could say that might help you, but there really isn't. SCP-8469 is the executioner waiting for you in the gallows, ready to knock off your head for all the shit you've had to do in the name of this organization and the "greater good". There is no negotiating, and unless someone on the outside finds you on time, there is no escape. 

> 

> But what if it didn't need to be this way? Maybe, if all the crime in the world suddenly stopped, if every problem were fixed just like that, and everyone could be halfway decent human beings to one another for ONCE in their goddamned lives, we wouldn't need to worry about this anomaly long enough to find a fucking solution! But that's not a world we live in. Maybe... maybe we deserve this. I mean, if the anomalies are as old as we think they are, they've seen it all. Everything horrible thing humanity's ever done, they've been there to witness it. Even -3, our one saving grace, is gone now... No clue as to where they are and how to find them. Could be dead as far as we know. But even if they aren't dead, but rather abandoned us, should continue fighting them anymore? If the only entity who showed us nothing but kindness and mercy has left us... Doesn't that speak volumes on what we've become?

> 

> ...

> 

> ...

> 

> ...

> 

> A couple of the other project personnel broke me out of the medical wing; we are heading out on our own. Maybe it's out of desperation, or a misguided sense of duty, probably because of a vain hope that we might find a way to survive these entities by ourselves. I don't know about them. As for me, I'm most likely a few Krísis events away from seeing Elliot again... My comeuppance is already on its way, and despite knowing this, I still can't help but try to do something about it. If not for me, then for all the others that will outlive me. Heh. Say what you will about the Foundation, but at least they can get us to see the bigger picture and put the good of the many over that of our own. One of the few truly admirable things about this damned organization.

> 

> ...

> 

> You know what? I do have some advice to give you after all. *Be better*. Learn from Elliot's mistakes, and my own. Listen to your own regrets and embrace them; become better than you believe yourself to be. Elliot was right about a lot of things, but there was one thing he was wrong about. You will have to do terrible things if you continue down this path, but that doesn't mean you have to become a monster. No matter what the entities say, we fight for a reason. You see that reason every day, in every friend, every birth, every funeral, and hell, even in the anomalies we help contain. They are our reason, and as long as you remember that reason, why we do what we do, strive to not only do whatever it takes to protect them, but to also be better for them. Maybe humanity and the Foundation are as shitty and corrupt as -2 says, but we *can* be better. We *will* find 8469-3, and we *will* set things right.

> 

> Keep fighting the good fight. Succeed where we fail. And above all, remember the highest principle of the Foundation. Protect. Not just yourself, not just humanity, everyone.

> 

> Good luck

> @@ @@

> @@ @@

> Former Researcher Marcus Alvarez

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8468](SCP-8468) | SCP-8469 | [SCP-8470](SCP-8470) >>

> **Filename:** Carl_Rahl_-_Orestes_Pursued_by_the_Furies_%281852%29.jpg 

> **Name:** File:Carl Rahl - Orestes Pursued by the Furies (1852)

> **Author:** Carl Rahl

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Carl_Rahl_-_Orestes_Pursued_by_the_Furies_(1852).jpg
