====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8871

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8871 instances are stored separately in climate-controlled cabinets within line-of-sight of SCP-8871-V, which is itself held in a standard containment unit for ease of observation and testing. An ample inventory of dilute watercolor pigments is kept nearby to mitigate containment breach attempts.

**Description:** SCP-8871 is a series of five paintings by the anartist Kallisto, Pseudonym. Civilian identity unconfirmed.  a founding member of the *Blaue-Kavallerie* anartist movement in Hamburg, Germany. All five items were recovered from a studio formerly occupied by the movement and were the only remaining anartworks present; numerous other paintings and sculptures were found destroyed within the building. SCP-8871 are thought to be the last series of anartworks created by Kallisto before their abrupt disappearance from the Hamburg anart scene.

**Addendum 8871.1:** Description of 8871 instances and anomalous properties.

**Item Designation:** SCP-8871-I

**Title:** शरी॑र (Śarīra) 

**Description:** Item is a large three-panel triptych. The obverse left and right panels collectively depict the complete skeletal inventory of an adult human being. Its arms are crossed over its rib cage, wielding *Amaranthus caudatus* Foxtail amaranth  in the left hand and *Lycoris radiata* Red spider lily  in the right. The reverse panels and back of the item contain an elaborate mosaic in a color scheme of shades ranging from deep red to white. The center panel is a Fauvist depiction of the various internal organ structures of a human being, abstract enough to evade visual identification but roughly distinguishable by size, color, and biological activity. Central nervous system absent. Gender unknown. Sustained by unknown mechanism. 

**Item Designation:** SCP-8871-II

**Title:** मन॑स् (Mánas)

**Description:** A wooden canvas with a pronounced Lichtenberg branching figure. Leaves have been added to the figure to paint a tree in the pointillist style, with dots in various shades of red and brown. Multiple bright gold dots pulse and flitter throughout the structure. Analysis of the frequency and distribution of these dots has been successfully equated to those of EEG activity within individuals in deep sleep. 

**Item Designation:** SCP-8871-III

**Title:** प्रा॒ण (Prāṇa)

**Description:** Item is an oil on canvas painting in the Cubist style, presenting an unidentified subject. Various geometric shapes combine to form simple self-reinforcing sigils upon the item, and bind the aforementioned subject to the painting. These sigils intermittently lose cohesion, leading to brief periods where the constituent shapes of the painting pulse into a third spatial dimension, before returning to a flat plane. 

**Item Designation:** SCP-8871-IV

**Title:** तन्मात्र (Tanmātra)

**Description:** Item is a full-length standing mirror. A minor infohazard is applied to observers, inducing incongruency in subjective reality and an inability to coherently describe any and all sensory phenomena. SCP-8871 instances -I through -III are not affected, appearing as they do in consensus reality. The infohazard is purged from observers upon the conscious consideration, and not merely visual contact, of the aforementioned instances in their entirety. 

While under the effects of SCP-8871-IV, those observing the -V instance report that it universally appears as a painter facing towards them, though they are blocked by a canvas between them and the observer. All attempts to view the painter's face have been unsuccessful, though observers inherently know that the painter is smiling warmly.

**Item Designation:** SCP-8871-V

**Title:** स्वप्न (Svapna)

**Description:** Item may be described as a painting. Composed of various paint and drawing media. Painting subject is inconsistent but may be regularly heard sobbing. SCP-8871-V will occasionally begin screaming and thrashing, and will drag itself to the nearest source of art supplies via limbs of acrylic paint spilling out from the canvas. These limbs have been noted to intelligently interface with obstacles such as doorknobs and window handles, but will also use brute force to break into rooms to find art supplies. 

Once SCP-8871-V locates and acquires art supplies, it will immediately begin painting or drawing over itself. Screaming and thrashing will continue once these materials run out. While punctual placation of SCP-8871-V is not considered a high priority, extended durations without access to art supplies will not hinder the item's ability to grow limbs, and ultimately result in the item extruding wings of pigments during subsequent breach attempts. 

SCP-8871-V exhibits hostility and aggression towards other paintings and illustrations, using its limbs to destroy them and integrate the torn fragments into itself. The only exception to this behavior are authentic anart pieces by Kallisto, which the -V instance largely ignores; and the other SCP-8871 instances, which have proven effective in calming the otherwise erratic behavior of SCP-8871-V, and consistently distract it long enough for recontainment during breaches. Consequently, the other SCP-8871 instances have since been integrated into its containment procedures.

<< [SCP-8870](SCP-8870) | SCP-8871 | [SCP-8872](SCP-8872) >>
