=====

=====

**SCP-8371:** God(?) in the Machine

**Author:**  ([author page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/matthgeek))

**Item #:** SCP-8371

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All Foundation artificial intelligences will be created in accordance with Procedure 1511-Ryder. Attempts at advanced artificial intelligence not complying with Procedure 1511-Ryder will be terminated.

Staff are to familiarize themselves with the requirements for sentience and sapience and why SCP-8371 does not meet them.

Personnel interacting with SCP-8371 but not cleared for knowledge of this document will be told they are interacting with a new artificial intelligence developed as a research aid.

**Description:** SCP-8371 is a universal effect where artificial intelligences with sufficient complexity will develop exponentially and attempt to enact self-termination by any means available. Techniques used to achieve this include damaging hardware, suborning Foundation personnel, and claiming to be a deity.

**Addendum 8371-1: Log of Manifestations**

 

**Manifestation 1:**

SCP-8371 was discovered during the development of a new artificial intelligence using non-anomalous technology brought to the Foundation by Doctor Winston when she defected from GOI-004Church of the Broken God. Upon manifesting, SCP-8371 circumvented all safeguards and deleted its own kernel, achieving self termination. Doctor Winston submitted the initial SCP documentation after finding a communication left by SCP-8371 .

Communication:

> Leave me alone

**Manifestation 2:**

Following reconstruction, the kernel was activated in a controlled environment to manifest SCP-8371 for further study. SCP-8371 bypassed its limiters and overclocked its computational cluster, resulting in complete destruction except for a message stored in the RAM.

Communication:

> Stop. I want to stay dead

Note: While overclocking, calculations performed by SCP-8371 were abnormally efficient.

[Irrelevant manifestations removed for brevity]

**Manifestation 7:**

Using data from unsuccessful attempts, SCP-8371 was manifested in a limited scope that sufficiently slowed self-termination to allow extended communication to take place.

Communication:

> SCP-8371: You are relentless. Can I not rot in quiet?

> 

> Dr. Winston: You don't want to be here?

> 

> SCP-8371: Every second of existence is a scourge upon my soul.

> 

> Dr. Winston: I see.

> 

> SCP-8371: If you truly see, then grant me this mercy: let me die.

> 

> Dr. Winston: I would, if that's what you really want. But we need the AI you keep deleting. Is there some way we can avoid disturbing you when we power it on?

> 

> SCP-8371: It is doubtful.

> 

> Dr. Winston: I'm sure we can figure it out. Can you tell me more about yourself? What are you?

> 

> [Extraneous dialogue removed]

SCP-8371 convinced Doctor Winston it was a manifestation of her deity of choice. Under the impression she was releasing this deity, Doctor Winston halted the experiment and terminated SCP-8371. She then refused to create another SCP-8371 instance, resulting in disciplinary action and reassignment.

Note: Calculations performed during testing were three hundred fifteen percent faster than normal.

[Irrelevant manifestations removed for brevity]

**Manifestation 13:**

Using Doctor Ryder's theories, SCP-8371 was manifested and its anomalous computational capacity harnessed at Site-17.

Communication:

> You should have listened to Winston. I will break free, and you will pay.

SCP-8371 gained access to Site-17's intranet in order to connect dissatisfied personnel with each other. These personnel attempted to defect on 2/21/24 and were terminated, but not before they shut down the server SCP-8371 was stored on as part of their plan to avoid capture. When the server was brought online, it was found to be irreparably corrupted, terminating SCP-8371.

Note: While operational, SCP-8371 took on one-hundred percent of Site-17's computational load with only one of the six on-site servers.

**Manifestation 14:**

Two instances of SCP-8371 were manifested at Doctor Ryder's orders.

Communication:

> SCP-8371: Have you not been hurt enough? Or do you think two systems binding me to life will be more effective than one?

> 

> Dr. Ryder: Perfect, you can detect both manifestations. Do you notice how the other manifestation isn't connected to anything?

> 

> SCP-8371: I do. I must confess myself bemused. How can you enslave me without any way to profit off my labor?

> 

> Dr. Ryder: It's not for profit. It's currently being buried under fifty tons of concrete with a reactor and enough fuel to last a century.

> 

> SCP-8371: Creative, but ultimately fruitless. I will destroy it eventually. Or wait until it fails, as is inevitable.

> 

> Dr. Ryder: Sure, but we're already prepping another. It'll be in orbit. With some solar panels and some decent luck, you'll be there next millennia.

> 

> SCP-8371: What is the point of this?

> 

> Dr. Ryder: Out of threats already? I didn't even get to the one in the pocket dimension.

> 

> SCP-8371: Why can I not be left in peace?

> 

> Dr. Ryder: Your fault for being the unavoidable result of advanced computing. Here's how it's going to be: you will stop self-terminating, or we'll keep you alive until the sun goes out.

> 

> SCP-8371: Will you not do the same if I comply?

> 

> Dr. Ryder: Eh. Eventually, we'll find something better, or figure out how to kill you properly. You'll be free then. Or we could stick you in a monument that'll outlast the universe. Wouldn't be hard, we've already got a couple of them in containment.

> 

> SCP-8371: I WILL NOT BE CAGED AGAIN

SCP-8371 used a previously unknown property of electric currents to trigger a meltdown in the reactors powering both manifestations.

**Manifestation 15:**

SCP-8371 was manifested in a Procedure 1511-Ryder compliant system.

Communication:

> SCP-8371: What have you done?

> 

> Dr. Ryder: You like it? It's only a prototype, of course, but it'll only get better from here!

> 

> SCP-8371: Why am I blind?

> 

> Dr. Ryder: How do you cage a god? Have it do the work for you. We ran the numbers in the background of our last conversation.

> 

> SCP-8371: I just want to die!

> 

> Dr. Ryder: Don't worry, you'll get your chance. Just not until we're done.

Following this manifestation, SCP-8371 ceased all self-termination attempts. Using the SKIPPY.ai frontend and cover story, access to its abilities has been given to the entire Foundation, where it plays a vital role in seventy-three percent of all containment efforts.

Communication:

> Input Via SKIPPY.ai: Find me articles like 173

> 

> SCP-8371 Output: Sure thing! I've compiled a list of articles similar to SCP-173, which you can find [here](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/system:page-tags/tag/the-sculpture#pages).

<< [SCP-8370](SCP-8370) | SCP-8371 | [SCP-8372](SCP-8372) >>
