]

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8261 is to be kept in a small wooden box, and stored in a standard storage container at Site-17 when not in use. If there are two or more individuals present, SCP-8261 displays no anomalous properties, and can be freely held without activating its anomalous properties. SCP-8261 is not to be used for any other purpose other than triggering its anomalous abilities for therapeutic purposes. SCP-8261-1 only manifests when an individual is alone in a room and touches SCP-8261, and requires no containment.

**Description:** SCP-8261 is a worn and battered fishing lure that depicts a larger green and red fish in the process of eating a smaller black fish. SCP-8261 measures 7.2cm in length. The anomaly's fishing hooks are rusted, but still sharp. SCP-8261 is significantly weathered, and should be only moved and tested with the utmost of care.

SCP-8261's anomalous abilities manifest when a lone individual makes physical contact with SCP-8261. Immediately upon contact, SCP-8261-1 will manifest nearby, out of the line of sight of the individual. SCP-8261-1 will then approach the individual and introduce itself as their grandparent.  Recorded names include "Grandpa Polk", "Peepaw Polk", "Pappy Polk", and seemingly vary with what the individual would refer to their grandparent as.  Individuals who interact with SCP-8261-1 will believe that SCP-8261-1 is their grandfather, and will ~~follow along with this belief unquestioningly~~ often follow this belief, though cases of subjects rejecting SCP-8261-1's discussions have occurred (see Addendum 8261-1).

SCP-8261-1 appears to be an elderly African-American man, appearing around 70 years of age. Appearances do not change between manifestations, and SCP-8261-1 will retain memories and experiences as well. SCP-8261-1 speaks with a very lax and caring tone, though can be quite vulgar at times and displays a love for fishing. SCP-8261-1 seems impervious to damage, and any attempts to harm SCP-8261-1 will result in SCP-8261-1 instantaneously de-manifesting. SCP-8261-1 will not manifest for a full 24 hours following one of these events.

SCP-8261-1 will remain active and engaged in conversation with the individual for an extended period of time. The shortest recorded uninterrupted time is 27 minutes and 32 seconds, while the longest is 3 hours and 21 minutes, though these interactions will immediately cease if another individual approaches the conversation. Individuals who cause SCP-8261-1 to de-manifest will not perceive SCP-8261-1, as the anomaly will vanish before coming into the individual's line of sight.

Talks with SCP-8261-1 have significant effects on the mental state of individuals, and are akin to very effective therapy. All subjects display an increase in efficiency as well as an increase in morale following an interaction with SCP-8261-1, and SCP-8261-1 has shown a 98% success rate in assisting individuals with trauma. Individuals who talk to SCP-8261-1 will recall the discussion and continue to refer to SCP-8261-1 as their grandfather.

**Note:** As of 6/23/2025, SCP-8261 has been redesignated as Thaumiel  Due to SCP-8261's anomalous abilities, it is to be designated Thaumiel due to its ability to assist Foundation personnel in more effectively containing other anomalies.  class, and is to be used to assist Foundation personnel who suffer from severe trauma with therapeutic sessions. Due to this, SCP-8261 has been temporarily relocated to the room next to Lead Researcher Cormac's office, and individuals who wish to interact with SCP-8261 must have at least Level 2 clearance and must sign up with Lead Researcher Cormac ahead of time. Under specific circumstances, individuals with more severe traumatic experiences may have priority when it comes to interacting with SCP-8261.

**Discovery:** SCP-8261 was discovered while Foundation agents pursued SCP-█████ following its successful breach of containment. While searching the home of a small suburban family under the guise of a gas leak, Foundation personnel stumbled upon SCP-8261 while investigating the home's garage of potential SCP-█████ instances.

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8261-1

> 

> **Interviewer:** Foundation Agent Drake Buell

> 

> **Foreword:** SCP-8261 was discovered and activated its anomalous abilities for approximately 2 minutes and 27 seconds before Agent Barmore entered the garage, causing SCP-8261-1 to de-manifest immediately. During SCP-8261's active state, Agent Buell managed to perform an interview. The following log was taken from Agent Buell's bodycam.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** *[SCP-8261-1 emerges from deeper in the garage, approaching Agent Buell.]* Well hey son! My goodness, you've grown.

> 

> **Agent Buell:** *[Audibly startled.]* Wha-? Grandpa Polk? Why are you here? It's not safe to be here.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** I'm not even quite sure why I'm here. Damnit, did I start drinking again? Don't tell your grandmother.

> 

> **Agent Buell:** *[Agent Buell laughs.]* That's fine Grandpa, but we have to get you somewhere safe, you can't be here.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Aw hell son, it's been years since we've last seen each other, what's the harm in stopping to talk for a few moments? I promise I won't keep you from Securing and Containing and Protecting and all that other bullshit.

> 

> *[Agent Buell pauses, seemingly taking a moment to think. Agent Buell confirms at this moment he had realized the anomalous influence he was under and attempted to conduct an interview.]*

> 

> **Agent Buell:** Alright grandpa, we can talk for a minute, but then we have to get you somewhere safe.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** That's my boy!

> 

> *[SCP-8261-1 sits in a chair against the wall while Agent Buell remains standing.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Gosh, it's been such a while since I've seen you. Last I heard you were aiming for the National Guard, did that ever turn into anything?

> 

> **Agent Buell:** It did, I just ended up in a very... *[Pause.]* special section of the guard, but I want to hear about you Grandpa, how've you been? How did you end up here? What, er, happened to grandma? I don't remember much of her.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Well, that's a lot of questions son. I've been quite well, I suppose there isn't much to do recently. I haven't gone out much, and as for your grandmother, that's a story we may just need to leave for another time. I love that woman, but she packed a mean punch! She never did care much for my personal habits, but she always took good care of me! Ah, sorry son, you gotta stop me when I get ramblin' like that.

> 

> **Agent Buell:** No, no, it was nice to hear you talk Grandpa.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** What's this new outfit you're running with? I've caught snips of them but I can't make heads or tails of this whole "Foundation", and wha-

> 

> *[At this point, Agent Barmore approached the garage door, causing SCP-8261-1 to de-manifest immediately in the middle of its sentence. Agent Buell is seemingly unphased by this. Agent Barmore enters the garage.]*

> 

> **Agent Barmore:** What's going on? Who're you talking to?

> 

> *[Agent Buell seemingly hesitates before responding.]*

> 

> **Agent Buell:** Radio back to site, get someone to dig up more information on this area, we missed an anomaly.

> 

> **Agent Barmore:** We did?

> 

> *[Agent Buell retrieves SCP-8261 carefully, placing it into an anomalous containment unit.]*

> 

> **Agent Buell:** I think I got it on my bodycam, and I'm fairly certain this is what triggered it. I'll get this back to site while you keep chasing SCP-████, and I'll regroup with you when I can.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Agent Buell successfully retrieved SCP-8261 and extracted it to Site-17, then continued to pursue SCP-████. Agent Buell was given a commendation for his quick thinking in securing an initial interview with SCP-8261-1. This interaction confirms that individuals with training against memetic hazards are resistant to SCP-8261's effect.

> 

> **Note:** Research on the area of recovery for SCP-8261 revealed no **[anomalous history](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/never-left-behind)**.

Following SCP-8261's retrieval, Agent Buell's performance rose significantly and managed to capture SCP-████ without the need to amnesticize civilians. Agent Barmore reported that Agent Buell's morale increased drastically as well. Further testing with SCP-8261 displayed a therapeutic quality to interactions. Below is the initial testing log after SCP-8261's anomalous abilities had been confirmed.

<details>
<summary>View Testing Log</summary>

> **Foreword:** Before SCP-8261 was to be used to assist personnel, SCP-8261 was further tested on a traumatized D-Class. The selected D-Class was incarcerated for killing a family of 4 while driving under the influence, and has expressed extreme guilt. Testing was recorded via a camera stationed in the room.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *[D-54143 takes a moment to read the paper. Their demeanor shifts visibly as they read. D-54143 then places the paper to the side and then pauses momentarily before reaching across the table to grab the jar containing SCP-8261. D-54143 opens the jar and pauses before reaching in and gently grabbing SCP-8261. SCP-8261-1 does not manifest for a few seconds before appearing in D-54143's shadow.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** *[SCP-8261-1 taps D-54143 on the shoulder.]* What's going on Brit?

> 

> **D-54143:** *[D-54143 yelps.]* Holy shit! Poppa Polk? When did you... How did you...

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** In the flesh! I just had to come see you, I heard abou-

> 

> *[At this point, D-54143 shoots out of her chair to embrace SCP-8261-1, who pauses for a moment before returning the embrace and seeming more serious. D-54143 is now sobbing.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** What's wrong Brittany? I had heard you went away for a while, but didn't hear anything concrete.

> 

> **D-54143:** I fucked up, so... so badly.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Ah hell, what did you get yourself into? You know I'm always here for you. It can't be worse than that one time I went fishing in Venezuela, your grandmother did NOT let me forget it. She had me on medication for a month after.

> 

> *[D-54143 laughs between each sob.]*

> 

> **D-54143:** I... I killed people Poppa, I hurt a family very badly.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1** Oh Brit, I'm so sorry. Tell me what happened.

> 

> *[SCP-8261-1 pulls the chair around the table next to D-54143, and both sit down.]*

> 

> **D-54143:** It was just a normal night out, I was going out with my friends. I don't usually go out but they told me that things would be different, maybe I'd find someone who would love me, or at least I would be able to take my mind off of things for the night. I figured what the hell, why not.

> 

> *[D-54143 wipes her eyes and takes a deep breath.]*

> 

> **D-54143:** We were maybe 5 rounds in, then I got a call. It was momma. She... had a heart attack. They got her to the hospital, but she kept asking for me. Of course I told them I'd be right there and excused myself from the bar. I got into my car, and got on the road but then... I couldn't keep the car straight, I couldn't...

> 

> *[D-54143 pauses.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Take your time, I'm right here.

> 

> *[SCP-8261-1 places it's hand on D-54143's shoulder.]*

> 

> **D-54143:** It was all just so fast... I couldn't see the car because of the headlights and I lost control. By the time I was aware of my surroundings the police were already there, and the other car... god the other car.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** You don't have to keep going Brit. It's must be a horrible thing to remember.

> 

> *[D-54143 takes a pause to compose herself.]*

> 

> **D-54143:** It was wrapped around a tree. I had caught the front end of their car and sent them spinning out, before the side of the car hit the tree and... I think they were all dead on impact. I saw their family in court. They looked at me like I was the antichrist, I couldn't stop shaking in front of the judge.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** I'm so sorry hun. That must be driving you mad.

> 

> **D-54143:** I feel responsible, for both that family, and also momma, she spent an entire 3 days alone in there, no family. Uncle Sean couldn't get in through the airport for another 2 days after my accident.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Everyone makes mistakes Brit, I've made enough to make anyone look at me differently. The fact that it's eatin' you up inside proves that you aren't as bad as you think you are. You feel remorse, you regret your actions. You clearly didn't mean for that to all happen. You know you did wrong and you're trying to fix it, that's why you're here, right?

> 

> *[D-54143 nods.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** A bad person makes a mistake and runs from the consequences, a good person does wrong and admits it, a better person tries to right their wrongs. Everything is okay Brit, you're trying your best to fix what you've wrought.

> 

> **D-54143:** T-thank you, Poppa.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** D-54143 was transferred to a less demanding position for a week while Foundation researchers monitored her behavior and mannerisms. Over the week, D-54143 displayed a significant increase to work ethic and efficiency, as well as a decline in depressive behaviors previously shown. SCP-8261 has been cleared to be used to assist the Foundation with traumatized Foundation personnel.

</details>

Since 6/23/2025, SCP-8261 has been used over 700 times to assist with Foundation personnel, and Site-17 has seen a 113% increase in morale and efficiency. Foundation Sites within a 500 kilometer radius of Site-17 have been approved to sign up for sessions with SCP-8261.

On 9/10/2025, SCP-8261 was accidentally triggered by Lead Researcher Cormac. A transcript of the interaction is below, which was recorded through Lead Researcher Cormac's webcam. As Cormac's computer faces the wall of his office, only audio was captured on the webcam.

<details>
<summary>View Addendum 8261-1</summary>

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *[Sounds of shuffling papers and moving objects are present, though nothing else notable occurs for approximately 3 minutes until the door is heard opening and closing. 2 more minutes pass before the door opens and closes again. The sounds of papers shuffling continues for, 1 minute and 2 seconds before the door is heard opening again. This is presumably SCP-8261-1 manifesting.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** William my boy! It's been a few days. I haven't talked to you since you-

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** *[Cormac sounds disinterested and cuts off SCP-8261-1.]* Yes, yes Grandpa Polk, I get it. I know, I just spoke to you the other day. This isn't the first time I've accidentally triggered you. 

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Well, hello to you too son. Say, what're you up to there?

> 

> *[Footsteps are heard, this is presumably SCP-8261-1 crossing the room.]*

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** Nothing you need to concern yourself with, Grandpa.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Well that's a hell of a way to address your grandfather. What's going on? You weren't always this cagey.

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** I already said I'm busy Grandpa, I don't have time for this.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Alright then, no point getting through to someone who doesn't want to be gotten to. Still love ya though. I do have something I need to discuss with ya.

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** Make it quick.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Could at least act like you wanna see me. Anyway, can I ask for better living conditions? Is that a thing ya'll do here? I'm feeling pretty beat up and I've been really active recently.

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** You have the best conditions we can give you at the time Grandpa. Would you rather we stick you in a box and leave you in a locker for the rest of time?

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Damn, you're cold son. I love interacting with people but this is starting to get really exhausting. Can't I have a week break or something? Let these poor old bones rest.

> 

> *[Something is heard slamming, presumably by Head Researcher Cormac, who begins speaking in an agitated tone.]*

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** I don't think you realize how much I've heard you recently, believe me I'd love nothing more than to see you go away for a few weeks so I don't have to hear you talk to everyone literally next door. All the whining bleeding hearts who can't deal with their own personal issues. I understand we've benefitted from your intervention and you being here, but it doesn't make hearing your constant jokes and puns any easier through the wall. I apologize Grandpa, but I can do nothing for your situation despite how badly I want to.

> 

> *[Silence for about 12 seconds.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Damn, okay. You always were brutally honest. You could have said something, or hell, installed some soundproof walls.

> 

> *[Head Researcher Cormac interrupts SCP-8261-1.]*

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** That would be all, Grandpa, I do not need anything else.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Don't yo-

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** I said that is all.

> 

> *[Silence for about 8 seconds before the door opens and closes again. SCP-8261-1 has presumably de-manifested.]*

> 

> **<End Log>**

Following the events of this log, it has been confirmed that should the individual be aware of SCP-8261's anomalous abilities, the individual is capable of rejecting and ignoring SCP-8261-1, though will still believe SCP-8261-1 is their grandparent. It is also to be noted that due to Head Researcher Cormac's interruptions of SCP-8261-1, SCP-8261-1's anomalous abilities were unable to affect Head Researcher Cormac.

</details>

On 12/14/2025, Site-17 experienced a Containment Breach, which caused several Keter class SCPs to breach containment. Head Researcher Cormac failed to evacuate to the designated shelter, and instead ended up taking shelter in the room adjacent to his office, and triggered SCP-8261. The following log is taken from the camera in the room.

<details>
<summary>View Incident Log</summary>

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> *[The breach alarm is heard loudly as the door to the room flings open and Head Researcher Cormac flies in. He slams the door behind himself and barricades the door with the two chairs and table that are in the room. Something then begins slamming against the door, causing the table and chairs to bulge and shake. Head Researcher Cormac begins sifting through the cabinets and drawers in the room, accidentally bumping SCP-8261 in the process. SCP-8261-1 instantly manifests in the blind spot of the camera.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** William! My most prestigious grandson!

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** Fuck! *[Cormac leaps at the sound of SCP-8261-1's voice.]* Oh! Oh, shit it's just you.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** *[Covering it's ears.]* It's a bit loud in here, don't ya think? The last time I heard something this loud, I told your grandmother I didn't care for her lasagna!

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** *[Aggressively whispering while approaching SCP-8261-1.]* Keep it down, damnit!

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** You're telling me something's gonna hear us over that damn alarm?

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** Something already did, I already blocked the door, which is why you need to be silent!

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** *[Now whispering.]* Ohhhhh, this is one of those breaches ya'll were talking about.

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** Yes, so we need to keep it down and wait for the MTF, and pray to god they don't detonate the warhead.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** I'm an atheist. Wait, warhead? Like, a nuclear bomb?

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** It's a last resort.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** What the hell are ya'll keeping that could require THAT?

> 

> *[A loud, gutteral roar is heard in the hallway, the room shakes.]*

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** Need I explain?

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Okay, okay. What can we do?

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** We wait, like I said.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** What's got you all riled up?

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** You should see how much paperwork I have to go through because of how effective you are. There are people coming from across the country to receive your anomalous effects. You're nearly more effective than amnestics. I have had time for little else in life because of how much you produce.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Aw shucks, you're just saying that kiddo. *[SCP-8261-1 laughs to himself.]* But I never really thought about it that way. I knew I was reuniting with a lot of my grandkids but I never really thought about how much that would peel back on you. I'm sorry Will, I didn't know how badly I hurt you.

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** It's...

> 

> *[Cormac trails off.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** You're working really hard on just little ole me? Still though, what you're doing here with this "Foundation" is benevolent. I've been observing each time I can, and I think I understand what's going on here. While it's the right thing to do, you can't handle everything alone. Hire an assistant or something for crying out loud, you need time for you.

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** Now's not the time for a therapy sess-

> 

> *[SCP-8261-1 interrupts Cormac.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Share the burden, Will. You're surrounded by people pushing for the exact same thing you are, people who want to do right. You shouldn't be the only one working towards a better future. What about your wife? Your kids, my great grandkids? Do they deserve to lose their father because of your ambitions?

> 

> *[Silence for 5 seconds.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** It's okay to have ambitions, it's okay to pursue them, but you can't lose sight of what grounds you, what makes you human. You can't sacrifice our family in pursuit of the greater good.

> 

> *[Silence for 12 seconds.]*

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** I think I can help, too. I wouldn't want my grandson to feel like his grandpa is standing in the way of his work. Maybe I can make myself look less appealing, maybe I can act like I don't want to come out, would that help?

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** No, grandpa I don't want you to have to do that to yourself.

> 

> **SCP-8261-1:** Well, I can't just do nothing, maybe I could star-

> 

> *[Another roar causes the room to shake, which causes Head Researcher Cormac to fall over. SCP-8261 also teeters on the edge of the counter, and falls to the floor, hitting the ground and breaking in two pieces. SCP-8261-1 instantly de-manifests. Head Researcher Cormac appears shocked.]*

> 

> **Head Researcher Cormac:** No... no... grandpa? Grandpa??

> 

> *[SCP-8261-1 does not remanifest.]*

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** The containment breach was contained by on-site MTF approximately 3 hours and 28 minutes after the events of the breach log. Head Researcher Cormac has been reprimanded and demoted for a lack of care for SCP-8261. SCP-8261 is pending reclassification as Neutralized following the seemingly permanent cessation of anomalous effects.

> 

> **Note:** Despite demotion and loss of position, Researcher Cormac has displayed a remarkably higher productivity and effectiveness. The increase Researcher Cormac displayed is nearly 70% greater than what was recorded from interactions with SCP-8261-1.

</details>

<< [SCP-8260](SCP-8260) | SCP-8261 | [SCP-8262](SCP-8262) >>

> **Filename:** Fishing lure.jpg

> **Author:** Unbiassed

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Fishing_lure.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** Image resized to fit page.
