⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains subject matter that includes: Racism, Animal Cruelty and Psychological Trauma.

[*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-ice-block More by this author <3]

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Silkscreen:wght@400;700&display=swap');

/* "border:solid 3px #19801D; background:#000000; padding:50px; margin-bottom: 10px;" */

/* thanks fish^12, css is awesome */

/* ralliston also showed me the preview component :3 */

.ethics {

     border: 10px solid #19801D;

     background-color: #000000;

     padding: 2rem;

     margin-top: 1rem;

     margin-bottom: 1rem;

     font-family: "Silkscreen", sans-serif;

     font-size: 20px;

}

.h4 {

     font-size: 30px;

}

.vosser {

      border: 8px double black;

      background-color: #60695F; 

      padding: 2rem;

      margin-bottom: 1rem; 

      font-size: 23px;

}

.josef {

    border: 8px solid black;

    background-color: #77787E;

    padding: 1rem;

    margin-bottom: 1rem;

    font-size: 23px;

}

---

**Assigned Site(s)**

**Site Director(s)**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-17 / Site-44 

 ██████████ / C. C. Carter

Gunther F. Botha 

Upsilon-96 "Paint Thinners"

---

**UPDATE 2014/07/12:** Following Incident Log 8560-A *(see attached addenda),* SCP-8560's containment procedures and description have been updated, as well as: reclassification from Safe to Keter, Vlam to Ekhi, Notice to Critical and the clearance level raised from 1 to 3.

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8560 is currently contained in a modified standard humanoid containment cell in Site-17, with access to a selection of books and films. The modifications to the cell include a modified ventilation system to facilitate emergency ventilation of the cell as well as soundproofing and an airtight seal. Personnel designated to SCP-8560 are to feed it following the pre-approved schedule. These meals are to be dosed with strong anti-psychotics.

All paint within a 10m^^3^^ radius of SCP-8560's cell is to be removed and all requests by SCP-8560 for paint or stationery are to be denied. 

SCP-8560 is to be observed to ensure that it does not exhibit an episode. When SCP-8560 exhibits an episode, observing personnel are to warn all personnel assigned to observing SCP-8560-1 artworks. Then, observing personnel are to sedate SCP-8560 through the ventilation. SCP-8560 is to be given a psychological appointment at the start of every month.

MTF Upsilon-96 ("Paint Thinners") operatives are to explore all leads to paintings and artworks created by SCP-8560, especially amongst anart circles. Upon finding an SCP-8560-1 artwork, it is to be confiscated and brought to Site-44. All 54 currently secured artworks of SCP-8560-1 are to be contained together in a large, airtight and soundproof room. When an SCP-8560-2 instance emerges, they are to be immediately tranquilized using industrial grade paint thinner and moved to containment while using a hazardous materials suit and earmuffs.

SCP-8560-2 instances are to be contained in large, separated, airtight and soundproof containment units. These units are to be prepared in advance for the predicted size of the SCP-8560-2 instance. Due to the number of SCP-8560-2 instances being produced by SCP-8560-1, once a certain species has 4 mimicked instances in containment, any subsequent instances are to be incinerated. The residual acroamatic abatement can then be diluted and repurposed using paint thinner.

Civilians who come into contact with instances of SCP-8560-2 are to be amnesticized. In case of partial contact, they are to be brought to the nearest hospital under the guise of a chemical accident.

**Description:** SCP-8560 is a humanoid male of South-African descent *(previously known as Josef Enzokuhle),* aged at approximately 65 years old, measured at 5'5ft, with brown eyes, grey hair and a slender build. SCP-8560 exhibits severe emotional and psychological instability, slipping in and out of depressive episodes at random. Most attempts to prevent these episodes via the use of medicine fail. However, administering anti-depressants and psychotics has been shown to delay the onset of these attacks by weeks at a time. 

A tombstone and obituary for SCP-8560 was found after containment of SCP-8560 had been established, dating back to 1948/09/13. Upon being questioned, SCP-8560 had partial recollection of its death and no relevant information regarding its reawakening. 

Paintings and artworks created by SCP-8560 are designated as SCP-8560-1. Most SCP-8560-1 artworks share similar subject matter with the fauna and landscapes of SCP-8560's country of origin. Whenever SCP-8560 experiences an episode, SCP-8560-1 instances begin to excrete a gradual amount of paint for 30 seconds and then excessively until an instance of SCP-8560-2 forms from the excreted paint. The left-over paint from the excretion is of similar nature to the paint left by terminated SCP-8560-2 instances.

Anomalous effects occur whenever SCP-8560 comes into a 10m^^3^^ radius of any form of paint. When paint is introduced within this radius, the paint starts to shift to a brighter hue and different colour, bulging from the surface that they are on. After 1 to 2 minutes, the paint fully shifts to the brightest version of its colour and an animal matching that colour will emerge and drop from the wall.The absence of paint left on the wall leaves a shape similar to the animal spawned. These colourful animals (designated SCP-8560-2) will seek out the nearest biological life other than SCP-8560, whether that be plants, animals or humans.

SCP-8560-2 instances, once finding biological life, will begin to absorb what they have come across through physical contact on any surface area of their anatomy. If the subject resists, SCP-8560-2 instances will attempt to use an auditory cognitohazard resembling a human scream. Upon hearing this cognitohazard, subjects will lose all motor function and become paralyzed, where after the SCP-8560-2 instance will absorb the subject. Once an SCP-8560-2 instance has absorbed a similar amount of mass comparable to their own, they will split in half in a process very similar to mitosis. This is the only method that SCP-8560-2 instances can use to replicate. SCP-8560-2 instances cannot absorb anything other than biological life. The only exception to that rule being the skeleton of the creature it has absorbed.

SCP-8560-2 instances state of matter consists of a non-Newtonian fluid. Instances of SCP-8560-2 are able to permeate through any opening, regardless of size. SCP-8560-2 instances can be tranquilized using industrial grade paint thinner. The only currently known method to terminate SCP-8560-2 instances is incineration, which is a process varying between 30 minutes to 4 hours due to their size. The residual puddle of paint after incineration never evaporates or dries. Due to the lack of any other notable substances after termination, it has been determined that SCP-8560-2 instances have no body functions and or organs. This paint, after being diluted and repurposed, has been shown to consist of safflower oil, chalk, hematite, dirt and animal fat.

It is unknown how many different species an SCP-8560-2 instance can imitate. The largest species captured to date is an instance similar to a *Loxodonta Africana (African Bush Elephant)* and the smallest being a mosquito. Due to the size, it is unknown which specific species of mosquito the SCP-8560-2 instance is mimicking. 

---

**Discovery:** SCP-8560 was discovered and captured in 2000/05/22 after anomalous activity was reported by tourists in Simon's Town, South-Africa. The call logs were discovered a week after the incident had occurred and Mobile Task Force Epsilon-6 ("Village Idiots") was dispatched. SCP-8560 was discovered at the centre of a large crowd alongside several SCP-8560-2 instances. During apprehension, SCP-8560 reacted calmly, demonstrated cooperative behaviour and did not resist capture.  

---

# Addendum 8560.1: Interview Log

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8560

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Sara Vosser

> 

> **Foreword:** SCP-8560 and its history. This interview was translated from Afrikaans to English by Dr. Botha.

> 

> ~~-~~

> **| Begin Log, 2000/05/26 2:46PM |**

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** Begin log. 26th of May, 2000. My name is Dr. Sara Vosser, currently interviewing SCP-8560. Good afternoon. Would you like me to speak English or Afrikaans?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** English. Afrikaans. isiZulu. As long as we understand each other, that's what matters, right? 

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** Afrikaans it is. I have questions I'd like to ask you, SCP-8560. 

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Not much else that I can give besides answers, ma'am. I'm listening with my crooked ear; you'll have to speak up.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** Perfect. So, what is your name, SCP-8560?

> 

> *(SCP-8560 nearly chokes on the water it was drinking, laughing.)*

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Hah! Can't think of any better questions than that? You can get creative, I feel it. My name is Josef Enzokuhle and I was born...many moons ago, yes. Somewhere around 1904? I'm not very sure, it's been such a long time.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** 1904? That would make you nearly 100 years old, SCP-8560. Yet you look pretty youthful. Would you know why?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** God blesses us in strange ways, ma'am.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** Do you consider your anomalous capabilities to be a blessing?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Yes. You can always have such great imagination as a kid, but when the impossible becomes reality? How else am I supposed to interpret that, ma'am? It's absurd but there is something about it that deeply fascinates me.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** Right. Speaking of when you were a kid, would you mind talking about your past for me? I'm curious.

> 

> **SCP-8560:** If you insist on hearing it. I was born around 1900, again, not sure. I grew up in a small village before we moved a bit closer to the bigger towns. I always felt a bit different compared to all the other boys around me. I felt like they didn't understand the things I did...maybe you're wondering how I got these scars on my face, right?

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** Yes. 

> 

> *...*

>  

> **SCP-8560:** I don't know either. 

> 

> *(SCP-8560 laughs before it continues.)*

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Anyways. I always had a vivid imagination. I liked to draw with the resources we had. Chalk, rocks, all that. I moved down away from Transvaal to make my parents proud. Well, my father didn't like it much. Thought that I was a fool for thinking I could make a decent life for myself out there down in the white towns selling art that only the few fellow people of colour there would buy. If they even had the cash. I didn't have money so I decided to simply get there by any means I could. Walking long distances makes you tough. In the mind and in the body. I sold some art along the way, too; don't remember how many. They're cheap. Sometimes they directly asked me to make them. That was nice. There were some kind folk. Bad folk. I just ignored them.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** When did you start being aware of your anomaly?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** The moment I started to create art after I woke up. I had paint with me and a canvas. I grazed my hand against the finished artwork and...

> 

> *(SCP-8560 takes a sip of water, scratching its face as it puts the cup down.)*

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Next moment, this beautiful baby giraffe is looking at me. Sniffing me. Rubbing its head against my face. That is how I found out. They made me feel very happy. It was like all the stress of the world fell off my shoulders like bricks of mud.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** What do you mean when you say you woke up?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** If I had to take a good guess...I randomly opened my eyes a few years ago *far away* from where I was supposed to help some folk? I remember I was travelling down to Cape Town, having an adventure - let's call it that. Then, all of a sudden, this white couple hires me for a job and then that's the last thing I remember. As I said, I just woke up and then I started creating again. I think the year was 1996? Yes, yes it was.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** So that's when you began to paint in public to let people enjoy the effects of your animals? Was there a specific reason you were in Simon's Town?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Yes ma'am, there actually is.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** That being?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** I woke up there! Hah, no other reason besides that. I had priorities! I don't exactly blame you people for keeping me locked up. Having what you guys do explained to me in the cell was surreal. I think too much. Some mighty being has to have given me a purpose. For those few years, I let locals enjoy it. Everyone came together in harmony. It was beautiful to me to see so many people happy with each other. Maybe I did the right thing.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** Do you think the state of euphoria caused by your creations correlates to your passion of artistry?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** That's a great question, ma'am. How am I supposed to really know? I've had this thing for years now, but giving it thought is difficult to do. There's been many times where I tried to figure it out — why I have this. Can I complain? Absolutely not. Does it confuse me? A lot. This isn't some math problem with a concrete answer, it just exists. No rhyme or reason. Perhaps it does have an answer somewhere in the madness, who knows?

> 

> *(SCP-8560 pauses.)*

> 

> **SCP-8560:** I wonder how many questions you can ask me. This is entertaining.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** I'm simply here to ascertain who you are and where you came from, Josef.

> 

> **SCP-8560:** I like being asked questions.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** Alright. Well, unfortunately, at this current moment, I'm out of ideas. 

> 

> *(SCP-8560 is seen fidgeting with its hands timidly before responding.)*

> 

> **SCP-8560:** That's also fine. I hope you enjoyed it just as much as I did.

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** Actually, I do have one more question.

> 

> *(Both pause.)*

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Yes? 

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** How did you avoid grabbing our attention for those few years where you showed your anomaly in public for all to see?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** I'm not sure I can answer that question, ma'am. Bit of a paradox to say I have been evading you folk if I didn't even know you exist, yes?

> 

> **Dr. Vosser:** Noted. Well, I do hope you have a great day, Josef. Dr. Vosser, ending interview 8560-01. 

> 

> *...*

> 

> ~~-~~

> **| End Log |**

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Closing Statement:** SCP-8560 moved to temporary holding cell in Site-17 after the interview under order of Dr. Vosser. Reason being for a psychological assessment. After a psychological assessment was done by Site-17's behavioural psychologist, SCP-8560 was deemed fit for containment at Site-58.

---

##green|NOTICE FROM THE ETHICS COMMITTEE##

The following addendums have been added and reviewed as per protocol after an internal investigation took place. The responsible parties who accrued several violations have been terminated from Foundation employment. 

Caution is advised from this point forward.

---

<details>
<summary>+ Open Addendum 8560.2</summary>

# Addendum 8560.2: Documentation - 1

This addendum shows the first and last diary entries of both Dr. Vosser *(entries relating to SCP-8560)* and SCP-8560 itself at the beginning and end of Dr. Vosser's obligation period.

**SCP-8560's Adaption to Site-58**

*2000/06/17*

Currently writing this entry on Saturday. This week has been remarkable for ~~Jos~~ SCP-8560's wellbeing. I've acquainted him with the staff as well as the few anomalies there. I'm glad to see him bond so well and get used to this new life of his.

I see how he struggles to sleep at night. The bags under his eyes. The long blinking. Could it be signs of needing a new bed or signs of fear? No need to be afraid in a place like this. ~~Perhaps it's abou‎~~ He's great at pretending things are fine. SCP-8560 has also enjoyed the unique array of foods we've offered him. He's fascinated by the taste. His palate is remarkable, as well as his artistic skills. The brushes and acrylic we've provided him are being put to good use. 

Talking to SCP-8560 is like talking to someone who you might as well have been friends with your whole life. I know others might not agree, but his presence really is a mood lifter. Everyone at Site-58 is a mood lifter. I've also taken note of his all-around mood and it feels like he's leaning towards darker thoughts. There's a way I could help him get used to this.

I suggested that his animals be used today. The staff were hesitant, saying to give him some more time. Perhaps I am trying to rush results, as some have said.

Compared to the other anomalies I've been assigned to; this is quite simple. I've missed this feeling. Besides that, I've b~~-~~-

The rest of the paper the entry was written on has been ripped off.

SCP-8560's diary entries have been translated from isiZulu to English.

~~‎16‎~~ 17 June 2000

Might be a week I've been here. Not sure and I'm too tired to ask right now. Had breakfast with Vosser and Botha. It tasted strange but the longer I ate the better it got. Someone mentioned it being "frensch toast"? I don't know if I spelled that right. Fantastic thing. Bread. I never expected to leave South-Africa. America is odd yet fun. 

I wonder what the folk of Nanticoke think of me. Seeing how my animals interacted with the others was incredible. It made me feel very happy. Like a fire inside my chest has been stoked by twigs and branches. The staff say I am not ready for the folk yet. I need more time, they say.

I wonder why they would call sitting in circles and playing games "exercises" if they're fun? Are you exercising your trust? Your ability to enjoy yourself? They confuse me unnecessarily.

Not much else to talk about on this thing. Whoever might be reading this, hello! That would be funny, I think.

  

---

  

**Comfort is Achievable**

*2000/07/26*

I'm proud to say that SCP-8560 appears to be looking much better. After a few requests of his have been looked over and examined, he's gotten a much better bed and has received much deserved help. Help regarding adaption by staff over this month or so. As a reward to assist him adjusting, I have put up a notice to the Site Director to hang SCP-8560's paintings all over the site. 

I think this final act of assistance would be the final stitch to sew his acceptance of this place shut. To reach his peak, so to speak. After that, I'll still supervise from time to time. I'll have bigger fish to fry regarding SCP-████ and that whole mess. Botha is definitely going to have a lot to learn with that one, that's for sure.

A bird needs to fly on its own eventually.

Dr. Vosser was only obligated to personally assist SCP-8560 for no longer than two months and no less than one in a direct setting. After that time period, Dr. Vosser would be allowed to move on to another anomaly. However, SCP-8560 still had a line of contact to Dr. Vosser in the form of complaints and requests.

27 July 2000

Hello, book. I forgot to write in you for a bit, but as a reward I have much to tell! The vivid dreams I have matches the quality of pillow that I sleep on and I am starting to understand the workings of life. I knew I was right when I said that this was my purpose now. To make people happy. To everyone who told me I was wrong, every white man who followed the word of the wrong prophet and to every fellow brother and sister who helped me get here, thank you. You all guided me to this sanctuary.

I've went through many moments to get here. It is exciting to see their smile when I pick up my brush during our group time schedule. It is nice to see the joy in their faces when their portrait is finished. It is nice to see them smile at my presence. Life could be worse than this.

I can rest easily now. There is a burden off my mind.

There's also the possibility of my pets being used to assist the kind folk of Nanticoke to lead better lives. I jumped at the chance! It'd only be beneficial to all of us. I can barely remember today's events so much I'm talking of the past. My apologies. I should head to bed.

---

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open Addendum 8560.3</summary>

# Addendum 8560.3: Cryptozoology Testing

The email below shows the first email in a chain of exchanges between Dr. Carmichael and Dr. Vosser regarding the use of SCP-8560-2 instances in testing at the Cryptozoology Division. After 2 months of delegation, Dr. Vosser permitted Dr. Carmichael to use instances for testing. This exchange took place 2 years after containment of SCP-8560.

Salutations, Vosser!

I have been looking through the database. Professional curiousity, as it is. There hasn't been many experiments coming through to Cryptozoology for quite some time now. Upon finding SCP-8560, specifically the animals it can produce with a wave of its hand, I have wondered. 

May we conduct a few tests and studies on SCP-8560-2 instances? I have a feeling that there is something here to learn and to demonstrate for some of the newer Junior researchers here at the division.

Dr. Carmichael later admitted to omitting crucial information regarding the use of D-Class subjects and the true results of said experiments towards Dr. Vosser. The following test log has been recovered from his office at Site-44.

| = SCP-8560-2 Test Log #3 |
| --- |
| Mimicked Species | Instructions | Results | Note Log |
| = *Canis Lupus* | = D-2748 and D-3498 was instructed to hold the SCP-8560-2 instance down and to take measurements of how far their hands could sink into the skin of the instance. | = SCP-8560-2 instance writhed and squirmed under the force exerted by D-2748 and D-3498 measured 7.8 inches. | = It's never made that noise before, has it? |
| = *Canis Lupus* | = D-2748 was given several instruments of which he could use to inflict blunt force trauma. No directive given. | = D-2748 grabbed two hammers and began to swing at the reinforced observation glass. | = More suggestive subjects might be necessary. |
| = *Canis Lupus* | = D-1290 was given a blunt force instrument, and the lights were turned off. The SCP-8560-2 instance was released and D-1290 was told to attack the wolf in the chamber. | = D-1290 began to swing wildly and upon striking the instance, D-1290 pushed it down and began to strike it multiple times. The instance made loud screeches and whimpers. After a minute of the attack, it released a human scream and D-1290 was paralyzed. | = This scream mechanism is new. It only affected D-1290 but not the observers. Perhaps its targeted or to only what it knows? |
| = *Rodentia* | = D-3498 was given a vat of liquid nitrogen and was told to slowly insert the instance into the vat. | = D-3498 complied and lowered the instance into the vat. Approximately two minutes after insertion, D-3498 pulled the instance out of the vat. The instance squirmed and squealed but was otherwise unaffected. | = Immune to freezing. We'll see if heat will have any noticeable effect. |
| = *Rodentia* | = D-3498 was given a flamethrower and proper safety equipment. The instance was placed on a pedestal and D-3498 was instructed to use the flamethrower. | = D-3498 immediately began to use the flamethrower, lighting the instance and the pedestal on fire. The instance began to shriek and shrivel. After five minutes of continuous flame D-3498 stopped and the instance was terminated. | = Termination by Incineration. |
Other test logs have been deemed erroneous to include.

---

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open Addendum 8560.4</summary>

# Addendum 8560.4: Documentation - 2

As mentioned previously, SCP-8560 still had direct contact to Dr. Vosser through the form of complaints and requests. The following is a log of all sent complaints and requests up until Incident Log 8560-A. These letters have been translated from Afrikaans to English.

2 September 2002

Creations

Hello, Vosser. I want to write about my animals. I'm a bit confused because a few of them have gone missing. No one knows how they went missing. Specifically, a turtle, wolf and rat. Do you know why or how it happened? Just want to make sure.

You promised me you people would never lie to me. Never.

Please write back to me as soon as you can.

-- Josef

20 December 2002

Hello?

It has been more than a few months since I sent my last letter. I tried to talk to the staff here and the folks told me nothing was wrong.  They just said you were busy and that I needed to wait. I have waited a long time, and I am getting concerned. What are you up to? Are you okay? More of my animals have gone missing.

I'm scared whether or not I'll forget them. I want to make sure I won't. Please tell me what's going on.

-- Josef

7 March 2003

Help

Why are you not writing back? What is happening? I keep asking them what's wrong and they keep pretending everything is fine but I know it isn't. Please. Write to me. Don't be like the bad folk I try talking to on the road.

-- Josef

12 August 2003

They told me I had to wait before I could send you another message. There's new folk here and they told me I'm not allowed to write to you. They're not like the other staff I'm used to. Please, you have to help me out here. I don't want to do anything I might regret.

-- Josef

After this message, SCP-8560 went quiet for nearly a year. Due to Dr. Vosser's involvement with SCP-████, she was unable to read nor write back to SCP-8560. Dr. Vosser passed on the responsibility of SCP-8560 to Dr. Carmichael shortly after her temporary hiatus began. She noted that Dr. Carmichael seemed to understand the capabilities of SCP-8560 and knew how to treat it right in order to achieve great results. 

The logs following this one year silence consisted of paranoia-driven writing. Every few months, SCP-8560 would write a short letter to Dr. Vosser stating current affairs. Then, it would write theories based on those current state of affairs. Unfortunately, on Dr. Vosser's 3rd and final year of researching SCP-████, she was terminated during a containment breach. This left Dr. Carmichael with completely taking over SCP-8560 as its assigned researcher. Dr. Carmichael admitted to never reading nor writing back to SCP-8560's requests.

The following log was found in SCP-8560's room during investigation of Incident Log 8560-A and has been deemed necessary to include in this addendum. 

3 December 2014

I remember the first time we talked, Vosser. Such a long time ago. I came to America, you folks brought me in. Made me special. More special than I felt in the streets. Where people called me a dog and yelled at me just for walking by. I don't remember the last time I smiled. Genuinely, at least. You must be dead. That's the only reason why you haven't ever wrote back. But I've hoped. Hoped for the better, yes? 

No one here can stand to look at me anymore. Not even talk to me. They know. They must know what's happening. I'd rather go back and get treated as less than a human being than being treated like I don't exist.

My memory might be gone but my self respect isn't.

---

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Open Addendum 8560.5</summary>

# Addendum 8560.5: Incident Log 8560-A

On 2014/03/12, SCP-8560 breached containment at Site-58 and caused the deaths of nearly all personnel at the site as well as several civilians in the surrounding region, totalling to a death toll of an estimated ███ people. This event was caused by SCP-8560's anomaly being altered to that of what it is currently. 

Dr. Carmichael was one of the individuals who were terminated during the breach. He visited the site to conduct a routine check on SCP-8560; investigators who were searching for camera and audio logs inside the equipment within SCP-8560's cell before the breach have failed. Currently, it is theorized that a staff member with access to the security system turned it off on their own volition.  As such, another replacement has been found in Dr. Botha. Dr. Botha was involved with SCP-8560 near the beginning of its containment, being one of the junior researchers led under the late Dr. Vosser.

The following interview was conducted with SCP-8560 two weeks after Site-58's breach. 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8560

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Gunther F. Botha

> 

> **Foreword:** Site-58, SCP-8560's past and recent events.

> 

> ~~-~~

> **| Begin Log, 2014/12/18 10:00 AM |**

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** 18th December, 2014. Begin. Goodmorning, SCP-8560.

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Do you people always have to say the date after the tape starts?

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** I assure you Josef, it's necessary.

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Why do you not just...write the date on it? It feels much simpler.

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** We both know that that isn't relevant right now.

> 

> *(Both pause. SCP-8560 looks around the room, staring directly into the camera before looking down at Dr. Botha.)*

> 

> **SCP-8560:** I think that I thought about it enough on my own. Why are you folk even doing this? I already hate myself enough as is and now you have to join in?

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** It's not that. I'm here to sympathize. To talk to you. Tell me, Josef. What happened to you? I know that you're not the kind of person to hurt people on purpose.

> 

> **SCP-8560:** I-It was out of my control, it was an accident -- mistake, whatever you want to call it. It doesn't matter. It happened; you can't take it back. Now I can't even go anywhere without hell following behind me. It's just like home...at least back then I could hide.

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** I can only imagine all the things you had to go through to get here. The pain. You're strong--

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Don't. Don't say that. I know I can't blame you for anything, but it was your people who put me through that and every time I look at you...I can't help but remember the long walks. The men and women who spit at me for even daring to raise my head to appreciate the sky above me.

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** Josef. You're okay now. That time has long passed. We can only blame the perpetrators who made that hell a reality for you. Just because it happened doesn't mean it makes you any less of an incredible person. Trust me.

> 

> *(Dr. Botha pauses, swallowing.)*

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** Your animals. They still love you, don't they?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Yes.

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** The people who hurt them. They're gone now. Either dead or unemployed. What do you make of that?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** They don't deserve death. Not at all. 

> 

> *(Both pause again. SCP-8560 buries its face in its hands, taking a deep breath before letting it go.)*

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** You're home now, Josef. It's safe.

> 

> **SCP-8560:** I know that. I'm sorry. I remember all those years ago...calling this a blessing. It's a curse. None of this would've happened if I stayed away.

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** I remember that too. You talked about so many things. Where were you before we found you? Back then, I mean.

> 

> **SCP-8560:** Simon's To--

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** Where were you really? It can't be that simple.

> 

> *(SCP-8560 pauses.)*

> 

> **SCP-8560:** A safe haven. Full of people. Artists. Like myself.

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** Do you remember their names?

> 

> **SCP-8560:** No. I don't.

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** That's unfortunate to hear. I would've loved to meet them. Is there anything else you'd like to say regarding what happened?  

> 

> **SCP-8560:** I don't want to talk about this anymore. People died, I'm responsible, end of story. Maybe you can talk to me again at a later date.

> 

> **Dr. Botha:** Alright. Well, I do hope to talk to you again soon.

> 

> ...

> 

> ~~-~~

> **| End Log |**

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Closing Statement:** Dr. Botha was reprimanded for his actions. SCP-8560 later experienced an episode which caused the accidental reveal of an AWCY? hideout in South-Africa.

</details>

<< [SCP-8559](SCP-8559) | SCP-8560 | [SCP-8561](SCP-8561) >>

> **Name:** Africa in the early 1940s

> **Author:** gbaku

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/3574fe30-3a0c-4127-accb-29d9fbe015fb?q=Africa&p=40
