**Item #:** SCP-8358

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** All instances of SCP-8358 are to be affixed using identical magnets to a standard commercially available refrigeration unit in the breakroom of the nearest available Foundation site.  No other documents are to be hung on this refrigerator. No instance of SCP-8358 is to be removed from its refrigerator for any reason except by specially trained personnel with Level 2 clearance or higher and explicit orders to do so. All occupants of any breakroom with contained instances of SCP-8358 must be silently advised to observe and appreciate all such instances on display for a minimum of 20 seconds each.

No two instances of SCP-8358 are to overlap one another, nor are they to be affixed to any surface on the refrigerator that is not front-facing under normal circumstances. If limited surface area becomes a constraining factor, an identical refrigeration unit is to be acquired and installed directly adjacent to the other existing display refrigerators, to be used in accordance with the containment procedures already set forth.

**Description:** SCP-8358 refers to a series of drawings created on the 6th of September, 2016, each by a different child between the ages of 7 and 10. It is assumed that all instances of SCP-8358 were created syncronously with one another, but the current state of the investigation surrounding SCP-8358 deems this hypothesis impossible to verify.

There are currently 57 known instances of SCP-8358. Each instance bears a unique drawing of a sentient anomolous entity, the existence of which is (in most cases) unconfirmed or undocumented by the Foundation. Every drawing is signed at the bottom with the name and age of the child who created it (as well as the date 9/6/16) and is inscribed at the top with the phrase "My First SCP." The appearance of the phrase is visually identical on every known instance of the anomaly, and on no instance currently discovered does the handwriting match that of the inscription on the bottom of the item. There is a singular exception to this physical description of an SCP-8358 instance. For more information, please refer to "Addendum 8358-3: The Puppet Master".  The meaning of this phrase "My First SCP" and the significance of its inclusion on every instance of the item is currently unknown.

The anomalous qualities that an SCP-8358 instance exhibits are only observed when the instance is provoked, agitated, or otherwise angered. This can occur for a variety of reasons including but not limited to the following:

* Being ignored, underappreciated, or otherwise insufficiently perceived, as deemed fitting by the item itself

* The illustration being partially or wholly blocked or obscured by another paper or document (including another instance of SCP-8358)Personnel are to be reminded that under no circumstances are they to test this effect using important or critical documents that they wouldn't wish to see damaged, re-arranged, or otherwise disfigured beyond recognition

* Being affixed to a display apparatus that the item deems inadequate

* Another paper or document being affixed to the item's display apparatus with a more interesting or unique adhesive object than is being used to affix the item itself This is most commonly observed when using novelty fridge magnets to hang certain documents on a refrigerator while only using standard, "boring" magnets to hold up an instance or instances of SCP-8358 on the same refrigerator. 

* Being removed altogether, intentionally or otherwise, from the display apparatus

If any of these are to occur, or some other cause of agitation is provided, the illustration on an instance of SCP-8358 will awaken, becoming an animated entity which possesses all the abilities and attributes of the anomaly it depicts, as well as the ability to freely move between any pieces of paper making physical contact with the item. At this point, the drawn entity has been observed (with limited exceptions) to violently lash out against whatever source of agitation caused it to awaken, disfiguring, damaging, and re-arranging the contents of offending documents and attempting to destroy offending objects entirely. In previous tests, this has led to violent altercations between entities from multiple SCP-8358 instances, resulting in the death of one or more of these entities, and it is therefore not recommended that multiple instances of SCP-8358 be tested against one another without prior instruction and an approved reason for doing so.

An ilustrated entity from an instance of SCP-8358 is unable to affect any object or entity beyond what is drawn, printed, or otherwise inscribed on the surface of the paper it is inhabiting at any given point. However, an angered SCP-8358 illustration will continue attempting to attack its source of agitation until said agitation source is sufficiently destroyed, regardless of whether or not said destruction is possible for the entity to achieve.

The mechanics by which all instances of SCP-8358 were created is currenly unknown. Upon being questioned, every child known to have drawn an instance of SCP-8358 has shown zero knowledge or awareness of the SCP Foundation, equal amounts of confusion towards the phrase "My First SCP," and no honest recollection of creating their drawing to begin with. Some children, upon being shown their drawing, recognized and identified the entity depicted by a colloquial name, but this reaction was nowhere near unanimous and provides no conclusive data.

---

**Addendum:**

<details>
<summary>Addendum 8358-1: AN IMPORTANT NOTE</summary>

---

It is largely theorised that every instance of SCP-8358 depicts a real, existing anomalous entity, and that when awakened, the behaviors and abilities exhibited by the illustration are in continuity with those of the real-life entity depicted. While this has been proven to be the case for a select few instances of SCP-8358, the current resevoir of information on the anomaly is too limited to verify this claim in its entirety, and all personnel discussing SCP-8358 are dissuaded from propegating it as fact until such ciaims have been fully verified.

---

</details>

<details>
<summary>Addendum 8358-2: Interview Log 09/07/16</summary>

---

[LOG RECORDED FROM THE PRIVATE RESIDENCE OF DOCTOR PIKEL, HEAD RESEARCHER FOR SCP-8358]

DR. PIKEL: Wren, can you come sit down at the kitchen table?

WREN: Yeah dad? What's up?

DR. PIKEL: (holding up a piece of paper completely blacked out in crayon) Would you care to explain this to me, kiddo?

WREN: (visually confused) Is it some kind of a puzzle?

DR. PIKEL: No, Wren. It's our electricity bill for the month. Or it used to be, before a certain someone colored over the whole thing with their special black crayon.

WREN: Does that mean me, dad? 'Cause I didn't color on that. It would have cost a LOT of crayon.

DR. PIKEL: (playfully) That's a really good excuse, clever kid. But, I know it can't be true, because I know exactly why you would want to color over my power bill.

WREN: And why's that, detective dad?

DR. PIKEL: Because, my dear child, I hung this bill up on the fridge right in front of your brand new beautiful just-finished-yesterday drawing!

WREN: My what?

DR. PIKEL: I know I shouldn't have covered it up. And I'm sorry for that. But things like power bills are important, and not for fooling around wi-

WREN: I didn't do any drawings yesterday.

DR. PIKEL: Oh, really?

WREN: Really, dad. Tuesday is Play-Doh day, not drawing day.

DR. PIKEL: That is true... But in that case, how do you explain... THIS!

[DOCTOR PIKEL points dramatically to SCP-8358-1 hanging prominently on the kitchen fridge]

WREN: Wooah! That's Fred! That's FRED!

DR. PIKEL: Woah, woah, woah. Who's Fred?

WREN: That is! I dunno how you got that but it looks exactly like him!

DR. PIKEL: Interesting. Can you tell me anything else about Fred?

WREN: He's the monster in my closet. And I know not to be scared of him 'cause I know your job is protecting people from all the monsters, but sometimes Fred comes out of the closet and fills my room with dark, and that is a little scary.

DR. PIKEL: He fills your room with... dark?

WREN: Yeah, dark. So much dark that my room isn't even left there anymore and I'm trapped all alone in just the dark. It feels kinda floaty. And when it feels like that I know that Fred is gonna try and get me, but I know I'm safe so he can't. And I've seen him three times in the dark, and he looks just like that drawing.

DR. PIKEL: You know not to lie to me about monsters, right?

WREN: Yes dad, I know.

DR. PIKEL: I see. Very interesting. Why didn't you tell me about Fred before? I can't make sure you're safe if I don't know about a monster.

WREN: Oh, right. Sorry dad.

DR. PIKEL: It's okay. I'll work on trying to catch Fred tomorrow in the office, alright?

WREN: And then he won't fill my room with dark anymore?

DR. PIKEL: Exactly. Now, are you sure you didn't make that drawing?

WREN: I can't draw as good as that! It's exactly what Fred looks like.

DR. PIKEL: Do you know that the drawing has your name on it? In your handwriting?

WREN: Someone probably faked it. Hey, maybe that drawing of Fred is what filled your power bill with dark!

DR. PIKEL: Huh. I hadn't considered that before. I'll take the drawing to work tomorrow and have somebody look at it.

WREN: Cool.

DR. PIKEL: Oh, Wren?

WREN: Yeah? What is it?

DR. PIKEL: Never mind. It's probably nothing...

WREN: Tell me it anyway.

DR. PIKEL: Well, it's just a feeling, but... If any of your friends, or any of the other kids at school, start talking about finding drawings like this one, let me know, okay?

WREN: Okay. I promise I will.

DR. PIKEL: Thank you. Oh, and one more thing?

WREN: Yes?

DR. PIKEL: Why did you write "My First SCP" on that drawing?

WREN: My first Es-Sea-What?

DR. PIKEL: Curious. So you don't know what it stands for?

WREN: No dad, and I already told you I didn't write the drawing.

DR. PIKEL: Right, sorry. You can go play now.

[END LOG.]

**NOTE:** The entity here referred to as "Fred" has been contained by Foundation personnel. Its official documentation, as of September 10th, 2025, is still yet to be declassified.

---

</details>

<details>
<summary>Addendum 8358-3: The Puppet Master</summary>

---

On November 22nd, 2019, an SCP-8358 instance now classified as SCP-8358-A was discovered in an abandoned house in West Monroe, Louisiana. The residence had gained a reputation throughout the city as a "haunted" house, and a Mobile Task Force had been dispatched into the house for the purpose of ensuring that the building's reputation was not a result of dangerous anomalous entities residing within its walls. The force located SCP-8358-A affixed to a mini-fridge with a butterfly-shaped magnet, and found no other anomalous items within the house.

SCP-8358-A is unique among SCP-8358 instances, because it does not bear a child's signature at the bottom of the page. Written instead below the drawn image is an inscription that reads "The Puppet Master," in handwriting found to perfectly match the inscription located at the top of the page. Since no other instance of the anomaly has shown handwriting that matches this inscription, is widely believed that SCP-8358-A was the first created instance of SCP-8358, and that it is somehow linked to the creation of all other instances of the anomaly. Confirmation of this belief is currently hindered by the unknown identity of SCP-8358-A's creator, which is at this time impossible to verify.

SCP-8358-A is generally harder to provoke than most other SCP-8358 instances, with the exception of possessing an abnormally large attachment to being displayed on the door of a refrigeration unit. While all instances of SCP-8358 have also shown preference for display on a refrigerator, SCP-8358-A shows no tolerance whatsoever for being presented using any other means. Upon being affixed to any display apparatus other than a refrigeration unit, the drawn image becomes instantly enraged, attempting vigorously to detach itself from the apparatus, albeit to no discernible effect.

Interestingly, if one or more instances of SCP-8358 are awakened by a view obstruction from SCP-8358-A, none of these instances will attempt to attack or otherwise harm SCP-8358-A's illustration, instead peacefully approaching it and kneeling down in front of it, with very few observed exceptions. This behavior is thought to be a display of loyalty, respect, or possibly even fear, though SCP-8358-A's drawn image shows very little visible reaction to the display. However, in the absence of this gesture from any given illustrated entity, SCP-8358-A's illustration will manifest a set of puppet strings, with one strand connected to each of the limbs of the offender, and exert control over said entity. SCP-8358-A will usually cause an entity under its control to injure or harm itself, occasionally to the point of causing its own death, before violently severing the puppet strings and releasing its control. Reasons an illustrated entity would refuse to bow before SCP-8358-A's drawn image are currently unknown.

*This is it. 8358-A is the key to the puzzle, the answer to this entire mystery. It has to be. As soon as we can find out who created this thing, and how, we'll be able to piece together how and why every other instance of 8358 was created. I'm certain of it.*

* Doctor Pikel (Recovered from a private memo in the SCP-8358 research files)

---

</details>

<details>
<summary>Addendum 8358-4: Incident Log 12/8/19</summary>

---

On December 8th, 2019, a researcher named Gene Lombardy who had taken a special interest in SCP-8358-A departed from Site-88 at 10:44 AM for a sanctioned exploration of the abandoned house in West Monroe. He arrived on the property at 4:22 PM that evening, conducted a thorough search for anything possibly related to SCP-8358-A's origin and, claiming to have found several noteworthy items, departed from the premises at approximately 5:12 PM. Following his departure, all radio communication with Gene was completely lost, and Foundation officials were unable to contact him by any means. Gene was not seen returning to Site-88 at any point that evening.

The following morning, Gene Lombardy's body was found within a refrigerator in Site-101, the front of which is used to display various instances of SCP-8358, including SCP-8358-A. A knife was clutched in Gene's right fist, stabbed through a note on a piece of lined paper and driven directly into his heart. Translucent strings were firmly tied to his wrists and ankles upon discovery, but when medical personnel attempted to remove them, they vanished without a trace. SCP-8358-A had been taped over Gene's face, pressed tightly enough over his nose and mouth that, had the stab wound not proven fatal, it is assumed he would have died from a lack of oxygen shortly thereafter. The "noteworthy items" Gene claimed to have recovered were nowhere to be found on his person, and the paper pinned to his chest, although heavily bloodstained and damaged by the knife itself, was otherwise unharmed and read legibly, in Gene's own handwriting, as follows:

> *stop looking.* 

> *signed the pm.*

> ʚĭɞ.

Following this incident, investigation efforts surrounding SCP-8358-A were suspended indefinitely.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-8357](SCP-8357) | SCP-8358 | [SCP-8359](SCP-8359) >>

> **Filename:** fred_drawing.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8358)

> **Filename:** puppet-master_drawing.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8358)
