SCP-8823, by P4TR1CK07.

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8823 is to be stored in a locker in the low-risk object containment wing of Site-188. Due to the fact that SCP-8823 is visually identical to its non-anomalous counterparts, it has been labelled with a permanent marker to avoid accidental use.

**Description:**  SCP-8823 is a large size "Men's Absolute Zero" high altitude mountaineering suit from the Mountain Hardwear company. Material analysis has revealed that SCP-8823's design and materials are identical to those found in other instances of the product.

SCP-8823's anomalous properties manifest when worn. When donned, SCP-8823 will entirely fail to insulate the user or provide any warmth or environmental protection, despite its materials and design indicating it should be able to do so. Instead, SCP-8823's ability to withstand physical damage and provide its wearer with warmth corresponds to the strength of its wearer's guilt, regret, and remorse.

**Discovery:** SCP-8823 was brought to the Foundation after embedded field agents in the Perisher Valley police force discovered the voice logs of Steven McRiley. Upon regaining consciousness after being rescued from a blizzard in the Mount Kosciuszko national park, Steven McRiley requested to speak to local law enforcement, to whom he provided the voice logs and described what had happened. 

**Addendum 8823.01** 

 **Voice Log One** 

**Date:** 11/08/2022

---

**<<Begin Recording>>** 

*Howling winds rush past outside the cave. An activated portable stove hisses. Every few seconds, a drop of condensation falls from the ceiling of the cave, landing audibly on the caves floor.*

**Steven:** Just thought I'd record a little something for us to look back on when we get out of here, one day this will just be a good story to tell at Mooseheads. Hear that? 

*The sound of the howling wind increases as Steven extends the phone outwards towards it. The wind's haunting groans can be heard.*

**Peter:** Better story than the time I forgot the water purification tablets and we had to drink the morning dew off our tents? Or that time you missed the sign for the turn off and we had to walk an extra day. Nothing beats the time we had to hide from the rangers after we started a campfire during a fire ban.

**Steven:** I think this will probably outdo everything mate.

**Peter:** I guess anything can be a great story, just depends on how you tell it.

**Steven:** And to be able to tell it you need to live through it. On that, can you get out the map?

*A bag is unzipped, and Peter can be heard rummaging through it.*

**Peter:** Speaking of living through it, you don't have a spare jacket do you? This one is absolute crap; wind cuts right through it. It's not so bad, but earlier today, when we were up on the summit, it was bloody freezing. I got it for a bargain but...

**Steven:** You complained about the exact same thing on the practice walk, you didn't think it was going to be *even* colder up here with the winds? You did the exact same thing with the shoes last time, and we had to cut the walk short. You never learn, do you? I always have to fix your fuck-ups, and I'm done with it. You're an adult, Peter, learn to look after yourself.

*Steven lets out an exasperated sigh. There is silence for a few minutes before Steven speaks again.*

**Steven:** Do you have *any* other gear you can put on?

**Peter:** Yeah. I'll just try to layer up, I guess

*The bag's zipper slides closed.*

**Peter:** Here.

*Nylon crinkles as Peter leans over.*

**Steven:** We came down along here to Mount Tate.

**Peter:** Yeah?

**Steven:** That puts us pretty far off the main tracks, and I don't like our chances of finding those grated tracks.

**Peter:** What about we just wait it out, or activate the EPIRB Emergency Position Indicating Radio Beacon ?

**Steven:** We don't know how much longer this is going to last for, waiting isn't a choice, the snows only going to get thicker. I've already tried the EPIRB, we can't get a signal out in this.

**Peter:** Listen, I'm sorry about all this, you were right about staying on the main track, if I hadn't been such an ass about getting those photos.  

**Steven:** We're here now, and we're both safe, that's the main thing mate.

**Peter:** You're right. I just feel like such an ass about it all.

*The stove is clicked off. Liquid is poured into two containers. A packet is torn open and its contents are emptied into the two containers.*

**Steven:** Here, drink up, keep warm.

**Peter:** Cheers.

*The two sit in silence for about thirty seconds, sipping from the cups.*

**Steven:** Oh you cheap bastard. You got offbrand, again.

**Peter:** It's not about the money, I just can't taste the difference.

*The two go back to quietly sipping from their cups for another minute.*

**Steven:** Listen, if we double back a few kilometres we should be able to come down off the range, and then link up with a road, I know they keep them clear during winter. It's only seven kilometres, but it's going to be slow going with the weather. If we leave at first light tomorrow, we should get there within about two days. We can find somewhere to wait out the night along there.

**Peter:** I don't know, travelling anywhere right now seems like a bad idea.

**Steven:** We can't wait this one out. Lesser of two evils mate.

**Peter:** Listen, I get you're more experienced out here, but you never listen to me. Seriously, if we ration correctly we can hold out a few days, then if it hasn't improved we can-

*Steven sighs.*

**Steven:** What? Make a mad dash running on nothing but fumes?

**Peter:** Fine, we'll go tomorrow.

**<<End Recording>>** 

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 8823.02** 

 **Voice Log Two** 

**Date:** 12/08/2022

---

**<<Begin Recording>>** 

*Wind howls close by. The tent can be heard flapping wildly in the wind.*

**Steven:** Here, let me see if I hear it with this. 

**Peter:** Jesus Steve, I'm telling you something's wrong. If you took that first aid course-

*Peter stops himself. Steven moves the recorder towards Peter's leg.*

**Steven:** Try moving it now.

*Peter slides his leg along the tent's floor. Peter groans in pain as he moves his leg.*

**Steven:** Let's try this...

*The phone presses against Peter's leg.*

**Peter:** Fuck! Stop!

*Peter slaps the phone out of Steven's hands.*

**Peter:** It’s a lucky fucking thing you didn't make it into med school, terrible bedside manner.

**Steven:** If I can't find out what's wrong, I can't help you.

**Peter:** Look, I misplaced my foot and started falling, then...

**Steven:** You tried to grab me, and we both fell, great idea.

**Peter:** I didn't have time to think, OK? I was too busy thinking about how we're out here, with our lives on the line over some photos. Maybe if I rest it, we can-

**Steven:** You aren't walking on that, let alone scaling that cliff on it. If its hurting to move, imagine walking on it. 

**Peter:** Fine. You're right. How far are we from the road?

**Steven:** Too far to be found, and with where we are now, we could go weeks without seeing anybody.

**Peter:** What about the EPIRB? Can you get a signal?

**Steven:** I don't know how you missed this, but you pulled me down too, remember? My jacket’s all cut up from the rocks, and the EPIRB got smashed up. Your knockoff didn’t seem to fare too badly.

**Peter:** Yeah well, it's done fine along this little detour of yours, despite not getting your seal of approval.

**Steven:** Look, we just need to focus on getting out of here.

**Peter:** How am I going to go with you?

**Steven:** If I leave most of my stuff with you, I should be able to get to that road within a day or two and get help. 

**Peter:** And you'll take my jacket right? 

**Steven:** What, the one that doesn't work? The knockoff?

**Peter:** It was fine today, must've just been the wind when we were up high yesterday.

**Steven:** Right. You went out and bought those flares, right?

**Peter:** I got a flashlight, it was like half the weight and a quarter of the price.

*Steven lets out a long sigh.*

**Steven:** This is what I get for leaving things to you.

*Silence fills the tent.*

**Peter:** So what happens if you don't come back. If you get lost? What happens if you can't find help? I just stay here, and die?

**Steven:** Pete.

*Neither talks for several seconds.*

**Peter:** We don't even know my leg's broken for sure, alright, maybe we just apply ice and it clears up? Maybe I'm good to walk by sunrise.

**Steven:** You aren't getting anywhere on that leg, period. How's waiting around for things to improve turned out so far?

**Peter:** Wasn't that *your* grand plan that had us going down a steep decline in heavy snowfall towards a road that we don't even know is being used?

**Steven:** You agreed to it, mate. It was the best choice at the time.

**Peter:** You wouldn't have let me disagree.

**Steven:** I'm doing my best. Hey, if you're so critical of my plans, why don't you come up with something?

**Peter:** What do you think I'm doing right now? I'm saying we should stay.

**Steven:** We both know waiting's not going to make what comes next any easier.

**Peter:** Please? Jesus, you're talking about leaving me here for God knows how long. Just till morning?

*Steven doesn't respond*

**Peter:** What if the rangers come through here? It’s a matter of time I mean there's snow sports up here for God sake they can't just abandon the whole national park during winter.

**Steven:** During a snowstorm they sure as shit can. Peter, the longer we wait, the less supplies we have, the less time you have when I have to find help.

**Peter:**  One day won't make much difference. Please, just one night, then we can decide in the morning? 

**Steven:**  We both know this is just going to delay the inevitable. 

**Peter:** Listen this could clear up at any moment, then we could get a signal out and-

**Steven:** We can't wait anymore. Stop acting like I want to do this, leaving you won’t be any easier for me than it will be for you.

**Peter:** Coming from the guy who plans to take my jacket and piss off, and leave me high and dry.

**Steven:** It's that or we're high and dry together, and I can get you help this way.

**Peter:** We can find help.

**Steven:** No, we can't, and we won't, not if we stay.

**Peter:** One night, that's all I'm asking for, please.

**Steven:** One night, no more.

**<<End Recording>>** 

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 8823.03** 

 **Voice Log Three** 

**Date:** 13/08/2022

---

**<<Begin Recording>>** 

*Snow can be heard crunching underfoot.*

**Steven:** I've... had to go on alone... 

*Steven pauses for a moment.*

**Steven:** This was the best choice for both of us. I set off before he woke up. I left two days of food with him and took one day's worth for myself; he should be able to wait it out till I get back. It never would've worked with both of us, he would've slowed us down, and we never would've made it. At least this way we've both got a fighting chance.

*Footsteps continue for several seconds with no dialogue.*

**Steven:** He was right about this jacket, wind goes straight through it. I would've been better off staying with my shredded-up jacket. The one time I don't check his packing and this is what happens. He’s such a fucking child, always needs me to fix *everything* for him, well he's fucking done it now.

*Steven stops walking and places his bag down. He rummages through it for two minutes, before zipping it up. He can then be heard removing SCP-8823 before equipping another jacket and placing SCP-8823 over the top of it.*

**Steven:** I left him a note; I tried to explain. He'll hate me for it now but when I turn up in two days time with help he'll come around. He might even finally learn to pack proper gear for next time.

*Steven picks up his pack and continues walking.*

**Steven:** It was the right thing to do, I need to remember that. The right thing is rarely the easy thing. If I'd have stayed with him... we probably wouldn't have made it long.

*Steven forcefully exhales several times, presumably trying to warm his hands. Steven rubs his hands together quickly.*

**Steven:** Peter'll pull through, I've known him long enough to know he's a tough bastard. I left him a note telling him what to do, and as much as he may hate me, I have a feeling he'll listen to that. 

*The wind can be heard picking up, gradually growing louder. Steven’s teeth begin to chatter.*

**Steven:** It's only five K's, I've run that plenty of times before.

**<<End Recording>>** 

---

**Addendum 8823.04** 

 **Voice Log Four** 

**Date:** 13/08/2022

---

**<<Begin Recording>>** 

*Steven's feet can be heard crunching down in the snow as he walks, significantly slower than in the last log.*

**Steven:** I should've seen a trail marker by now, I should've seen *something*. If I had Peters eyes I bet-

*Steven stops walking. He takes a deep breath before speaking.*

**Steven:** The last sign I saw of the path was what? 2 hours ago? That could put me a good few kilometres off the track, and I don't have the time to make up that difference, it'll be dark soon.  

*Steven's breathing grows quicker and sharper.*

**Steven:** I'm all that's going for him now - I can't fuck this up. This was my idea, so it's on me now, but... Jesus, I don't even know if I'm going the right way. I just hope I haven't been going in circles this whole time.

*Steven stops walking.*

**Steven:** If I don't make it, if I *can't* make it, then what was this for? What are they going to think of me when they find me wearing a jacket labelled Peter Gibbons? 

*Steven lets out a forceful exhale before continuing to speak. Steven's feet can once again be heard pushing and crushing their way through the snow.*

**Steven:** No, I can't think like that. I just need to keep going. If I've been going the right way I should hit the road before nightfall. I'll hit that road and find someone, then it'll be OK.

**<<End Recording>>** 

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 8823.05** 

 **Voice Log Five** 

**Date:**13/08/2022

---

**<<Begin Recording>>** 

*The wind can be heard faintly in the background. Steven talks through shuddered breaths.*

**Steven:** I don't know how far I've walked. It must've been more than 5 kilometres, but I couldn't keep going... I tried. At least its not so cold anymore, I felt warmer today than I have in days. 

*Steven sighs.*

**Steven:** Every time I feel warm my mind goes back to that night; I shouldn't have spoken to him like that, I was an asshole, and wrong. If I make it out of here, I'll set things right with him.

*Steven riffles through his bag before stopping.*

**Steven:** Mentos. Is that really it? Is that going to be my final meal? Fuck. I bet Peter would've traded anything-

*Steven stops midway through his sentence. He is silent for a few seconds, and the faint rustling of plastic can be heard as he turns the Mentos over in his hand, inspecting it.*

**Steven:** Why did I agree to go off track for the photos?

*Steven places his hands over his face, slightly muffling his voice.*

**Steven:** Jesus if I'm not going to make it... then he dies. Maybe I could've helped him, we could've gotten out together, even if we didn't make it out, at least I'd die with a clean conscience. Fuck what the hell was I thinking?

*Steven places the Mentos back in his bag and zips it up. He pauses for a few moments before continuing to speak.*

**Steven:** Pet-Peter never would've left me, but *I* left him. 

*Steven inhales and then exhales, before pausing for a moment.*

**Steven:** This jacket's somehow keeping me warm enough now, I'll try to get some sleep. 

**<<End Recording>>** 

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 8823.06** 

 **Voice Log Six** 

**Date:**14/08/2022

---

**<<Begin Recording>>** 

*The roaring winds of the blizzard are now distant, and faint. The sounds of birds can be heard. Occasionally, piles of snow can be heard falling as a bird disturbs the branch.*

**Steven:** I- I made it. Nobody's here. Three hours, nothing. It's probably closed.

*Steven's voice shifts to a resigned tone.*

**Steven:** Peter's dead out there. I should be too.

*Snow loudly crunches as Steven suddenly swings his bag off his back and drops it onto the ground. He sits down against it.*

**Steven:** There's no point fighting it anymore. Even if I wanted to, I don't have anything left... I just hope it's quick.

*Steven drops his phone into the snow besides him. No further speech is recorded, and after five minutes, the recording automatically times out.*

**<<End Recording>>** 

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 8823.07** 

 **Interview Log** 

**Date:** 17/08/2022

---

**<<Begin Log>>** 

*The beeping of hospital machinery can be heard. Footsteps pass by in the background.*

**Sr. Constable Chester:** This is Sr Constable Chester interviewing person of interest Steven McRiley, pertaining to the missing persons case involving Peter Gibbons. Steven, do you remember me? You were pretty dosed up when they flew you in yesterday, so I thought it might be good to give you some time. The recordings you had with you have been very helpful in our investigation. I'm just hoping to fill in some gaps with this timeline.

**Steven:** What do you need to know?

**Sr. Constable Chester:** Your voice recordings end on the 13th, and I wanted to know what happened in the two days between then and you being found at that road.

**Steven:** Wait. What's the date today?

**Sr. Constable Chester:** Today is the 17th, Mr. McRiley.

*Steven tries to sit up in his hospital bed, but flops back down.*

**Steven:** I promised him I'd be back. I can't- he's going to starve, I need to find him!

**Sr. Constable Chester:** You're in no condition to be going anywhere, especially back up that mountain and in that weather. It's a miracle you survived out there, let alone unconscious at that road for the better part of two days; Must've been some jacket you had on to keep you from freezing.

*Constable Chester gestures towards the window.*

**Sr. Constable Chester:** Listen, we've got people out there looking for him now. The best thing you can do to help is tell me what happened after your final voice log.

**Steven:** I don't remember it all, just... fragments. I remember walking. I had no idea where I was going, my legs ached with each step, and I was so hungry I couldn't even think. I have no idea how long I was going for, but I didn't feel the cold that day.  I found the road... and waited...but nobody came.

*Steven looks down and places his hands on his forehead.*

**Steven:** It gets fuzzy from there, but I remember being in that helicopter. I tried to tell them about Peter, I really did, each word burnt my throat, but I still tried. They thought I was delirious and stuck something in me. Then I woke up here.

**Sr. Constable Chester:** Is there anything else you'd like to add?

**Steven:** I left him there, its my fault he's probably dead. 

**Sr. Constable Chester:** Your recordings make it perfectly clear you left him with the intention of getting help, what happened here was a horrible accident.

**Steven:** He's either starving, cold and afraid, or buried under a foot of snow. How isn't it my fault?

**Sr. Constable Chester:** I'm sorry son, but this isn't a crime, you made a tough call. No judge or jury in their right mind would ever see it any other way. The best thing you can do is learn to make peace with what happened out there.

 

**<<End Log>>** 

---

**Notes:** 

On 19/08/2022, the body of Peter Gibbons was discovered 200 meters from the campsite Steven had left him at. Peter was found with a makeshift splint around his left leg and wrapped in an emergency blanket. The coroner's report estimates that Peter had been dead for approximately three days.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8822](SCP-8822) | **SCP-8823** | [SCP-8824](SCP-8824) >>

> **Filename:** Jacket

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/p47r1ck43/Jacket

---

> **Derivative Of:**

> **Filename:** Main Range Track, Kosciuszko National Park 12.jpg

> **Author:** Dhx1

> **License:** CC 0 1.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Main_Range_Track,_Kosciuszko_National_Park_12.jpg

> **Filename:** Alex Harz on the Summit of Mt. Everest.jpg

> **Author:** Alexharz

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Alex_Harz_on_the_Summit_of_Mt._Everest.jpg
