**Item #:** SCP-8911

###990000|**Level 3/8911**##

**Object Class:** Neutralized (Formerly Keter)

###990000|**Classified**##

---

@@ @@

### Special Containment Procedures

SCP-8911 is currently located on Liberty Island, New York, where it has remained inert. As the object no longer registers any heightened readings on Kant Counters, it is believed that SCP-8911 is entirely neutralized. For this reason, it has been allowed to reopen as a tourist attraction operated by the National September 11th Site Management Center.A subsidiary of the New York City Historic Landmarks Preservation Commission. The Foundation will conduct any maintenance or upkeep actions on SCP-8911 through the front company "[Special Creative Park Organization](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/scp-cn-757)."

### Description

SCP-8911 is the Statue of Liberty Officially named *Liberty Enlightening the World*, it was dedicated on October 28, 1886, and is a monument commemorating the centennial of the signing of the United States Declaration of Independence, given to the United States by the people of France to represent the friendship between the two countries established during the American Revolution. , which became animate through thaumaturgic means on September 15th, 2001 before ceasing all anomalous activity later the same day. SCP-8911 was operable via a control system while it was mobile, and was used to defend Foundation, GOC, Horizon Initiative, and Prometheus personnel as well as civilians during the [Manhattan Dimensional Collapse Terrorist Incident](1998-911-hub), which resulted in the island being temporarily transported to another dimension. View [SCP-2911-JP](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/scp-2911-jp) for additional information. 

The object has suffered structural damage due to its use in combat against colossal Tartarean entities and Chaos Insurgency troops, but has remained structurally sound due to the thaumic runes painted onto it at the time of its animation.

SCP-8911 was augmented utilizing a series of thaumic runes painted on it and warding spells. It was additionally granted the ability to produce divine fire from its torch via a blessing from a Horizon Initiative evoker. The object was used to engage GoI-003 "Chaos Insurgency" forces and Tartarean entities in combat, utilizing its heightRoughly 46 meters, from heel to torch. and divine-pyrokinetic thaumaturgy to defend Liberty Island, which was being utilized as a bridgehead by the joint SCP-2911-JP response force.

### Addendum.8911.1 Establishment of the Liberty Island Command Center

The effects of the Manhattan Dimensional Collapse Terrorist Incident were sudden, thus significant portions of Foundation personnel found themselves far from Foundation Sites, Mobile Task Forces, or Field Units. These groups then had the option to try finding a way to a Foundation Site or be forced to relocate to a safe location. Liberty Island remained one such safe locations during the initial outbreak, and under Doctor Jay Everwood, the Liberty Island Command Center was hastily established inside the former American Museum of Immigration.

<details>
<summary>▶︎Access: Log 13/09/2001 - 20032</summary>

The day of the Collapse was an all hands on deck situation for not just the Foundation, but for the world at large.

As soon as the message came in that something had happened in Manhattan, I immediately offered the help of my team from Site-55 to assist in inter-GoI communications. It's what we do, you know? The Foundation deemed it fit to send us to the front lines, and we heeded the call of duty. What we found was chaos, disarray, and utter bedlam. 

It took some elbow grease and quite some shouting, but we were able to get everyone at Liberty Island under control. First order of business was to find out what was happening and why, so we reached out to the finest minds at ICSUT Boston, the Serpent's Hand, Deer College, the Coalition's PSYCHE Division, and the Mages Academy; not to mention the already present Coalition PHYSICS and PTOLEMY Divisions, the Horizon Initiative, and the Prometheus think tanks in town for a conference, we really lucked out.

Anyway, the most intelligent among us were able to figure out that what had happened in Manhattan on the 11th was an aborted divine summoning ritual. Whatever the Insurgency were trying to bring into this world was only half-born, and even then, it took a few days to fully manifest into this world. 

Which brings me to Pizzicato. 

I don't quite know what to say about this, but it seems someone was able to convince D.C. Al Fine to not immediately glass the east coast of the United States. If there is a merciful god out there, I thank them. But this leaves us in the position of needing to penetrate the dimensional collapse directly, which we should be able to do via other entrances to Backdoor SoHo.

I have exhausted all my influence and brownie points I had with the Foundation to call in Nu-7 "Hammer Down" as well as a few Coalition Strike Teams to help lead the vanguard. Since I know this is a suicide mission, I will not just send them in there and command from the back lines. I will go with them, despite every bone in my body screaming at me to stay back.

But I must go. I'm leaving Rex in command. He's proved himself able to call the shots in the last few days; he's got a bright future ahead of him at the Foundation.

In the event I don't return, Rex, please buy [James](scp-8726) a Gamecube. He's earned it.

So long, and thanks for all the fish.

-Dr. Everwood

</details>

Over the following days personnel from several anomalous Groups of Interest ~~ most notably the Global Occult coalition ~~ made their way to Liberty Island as well. Thus, as formal communication with Foundation Sites also grew, it was chosen to be in charge of inter-GoI communications.

The situation on the island would, however, worsen as the Dimensional Collapse continued. Tartarean entities, both aquatic and of large size, approached the perimeter of Liberty Island more frequently and more boldly, threatening the safety of the area.

<details>
<summary>▶︎Access: Record Witness Rex Alces</summary>

Fuck.

I should *not* have been left in charge.

I'm just a guy! I barely know what I'm doing! I can't call the shots, man! These people are going to eat me alive out here! 

Fuck, fuck, fuck.

Okay.

I can figure this out. 

I have to figure this out.

Fuck.

-Rsr. Rex Alces

</details>

### Addendum.8911.2 Animation of SCP-8911 > September 15.

Early in the morning of the 15th, a small group composed of 4 individuals affiliated with the Global Occult Coalition, Horizon Initiative, Prometheus Labs and the SCP Foundation entered in communication with the Liberty Island Command Center and requested entry into the defense perimeter. These individuals had been part of a decentralized evacuation operation throughout Manhattan and possessed experience against Insurgents and Tartarean entities. Once allowed to enter, this group suggested a proposal for the animation of the Statue of Liberty. 

Below is an audio recording of the  communication:

<details>
<summary>▶︎Access: Log 15/09/2001 - 200152</summary>

*[The hall of the former American Museum of Immigration is abuzz with injured people being tended to. In the middle, there is the Liberty Island Command Center. Deputy commander Rex Alces is sitting in a chair, his head between his hands. Provisional Task Force Zeta-0726 “Damn Thieves” approaches him.]*

**Arcadio:** Commander Nieves Rosa Arcadio, of UNGOC Strike Team “Reading Rainbow”, reporting for duty.

**Alces:** Hi. Ummm. Commander Rex Alces, I suppose. I’m in charge of this shitshow.

**Nassar:** We know.

**Alces:** Great. I was told you were coming. What can I do for you?

**Abbas:** We have an idea to lighten up the situation. To give us a fighting chance.

**Haussman:** Probably the biggest fighting chance you've ever seen.

**Alces:** Look around. There’s no chances left.

**Arcadio:** Yeah, we aren’t talking about anything inside this building. We are thinking bigger.

**Alces:** What?

**Haussman:** We are talking about her.

*[She points at the Statue of Liberty, visible through a window. There’s a couple of seconds of silence.]*

**Alces:** I don’t think I’m following.

**Haussman:** Okay, my name is Frida Haussman. I’m a Prometheus Labs employee and I specialize in adorcism of inanimate objects. That is, inputting spirits into things to animate them.

**Abbas:** Show her the little guys.

*[Without warning, her bag starts moving autonomously and jumps on the table.]*

**Haussman:** This is my bag. It’s inhabited by an intelligent construct from an unnameable place.

*[The zipper of the bag opens without input. A small assortment of items float onto the table from within.]*

**Haussman:** That’s my quill, it has a minor muse inside it. That’s Grghkl, the alleged god of tight spaces living inside my wallet. That’s Jonas, my notebook with a 1930s ghost in it. That's--

**Alces:** Okay, I get it. Haunted things. And your plan is to…?

**Arcadio:** To put a spirit inside of Lady Liberty there and have her kick some demon ass, yes.

*[All the Zeta-0726 members stand around Rsr. Alces, smiling at him.]*

**Alces:** Oh what the hell. Let’s do it.

</details>

Work on the process for the animation of the Statue of Liberty began by 9:00 A.M. The process took shape as a thaumaturgic ritual exercised by GOC operatives, which was amplified by Prometheus  Labs hardware. The Statue's torch was augmented by Horizon Initiative personnel, who ignited it with Holy Fire. 

### Addendum.8911.3 SCP-8911  Engagements> September 15.

At 9:58 AM, SCP-8911 was mobilized and a command center established within the statue's crown. Engagements against Tartarean entities besieging the island began shortly thereafter.

<details>
<summary>▶︎Access: Log 15/09/2001 - 200152</summary>

### **Record 2001/09/15 - 200152**

#### Liberty Island Command Center

****Members:****

* Provisional Task Force Zeta-0726 "Damn Thieves" Members

 * Commander Nieves Rosa Arcadio (GOC)

 * Captain Abbas Laabi (HI)

 * Agent Santiago Arango Nassar (SCPF)

 * Doctor Frida Haussmann (PL)

* MTF Nu-7 Deputy Commander Rex Alces

* Project Malleus 7th Company Acting Captain Eli Alperstein

* Pentagram Agent Tyler Dean

---

*[Alperstein enters the room from the door behind Dean, followed shortly by Laabi. Arcadio salutes the pair as they take their places around the large table that the group is using as a table.]*

**Alperstein:** Rods on the head are in place. Everything in the lower sections secured?

**Haussmann:** All in order. They've finished hammering them into the feet. Should have full coverage soon, and then it'll be ready. I should be ready soon, too. 

*[Arcadio places a hand on Haussmann's shoulder.]*

**Arcadio:** Are you sure you want to do this, Frida? There's probably other ways of doing this. 

**Haussmann:** If my synapses are blown out my ears, I don't think there's a better place or time for it to happen. 

**Nassar:** How about in bed, surrounded by friends and loved ones, at the ripe old age of ninety-something?

**Haussmann:** *[She sighs]* That'd be ideal, but the parasciences rarely work out that well. Also, releasing a powerful extradimensional entity into the most globally recognizable monument may not work out well for all of us, let alone me.

**Dean:** Still not fully sold on this idea.

**Abbas:** You work for the American government. If you're all so into democracy, accept the fact you lost the vote one-to-everyone and move on.

*[Dean grunts, and places his hands on the table, looking intently at Alces.]*

**Dean:** Well, let's see what our glorious leader has to say about our plans. Maybe then I'll be more at ease. Maybe.

*[Everyone looks to Alces. He swallows, and takes a deep breath.]*

**Alces:** Okay... So, Doctor Haussmann has been kind enough to offer to try summon an... entity, from somewhere beyond reality, and to interface with it in order to "pilot" the statue. *[He nods to Haussmann, who returns the gesture.]* The ritual site is located in the statue's crown, so that'll be our base of command with Liberty herself. For protection while up there, we have these three fine folk. *[He gestures to Arcadio, Laabi and Nassar.]* Both Miss Arcadio and Mister Nassar are Grade-A marksmen, and... Well, I'm not quite sure what it is you can do with that sword, but Alperstein tells me it's a sight to behold.

**Laabi:** *[He turns to look at Alperstein, grinning.]* Told him about Kurdistan, did you?

**Alperstein:** *[He smiles in return, shrugging.]* You're the one with a magic soul that lets you run up cliffs, I figured you'd want your finest hour to be known. 

*[Laabi and Alperstein high-five. Nassar rolls his eyes.]*

**Nassar:** Good thing you'll be outside. It'll save us a lot of space, without your big head in there.

**Laabi:** You'll have enough room for your own up there, don't you worry.

**Arcadio:** *[She shakes her head.]* Enough of that, you two. Focus. 

**Alces:** Thank you, ma'am. Now, Alperstein and Dean, you two will be on the ground here. We still have troops that aren't a hundred and fifty feet tall. You're in command of them in the event *anything* that isn't an allied or civilian vessel makes landfall. As far as we know, the bay isn't exactly rife with demons, but they've got to learn to swim eventually. *[He laughs nervously.]*

**Arcadio:** And I take it you'll be in here?

**Alces:** Better places to call the shots from than right on the front line, I think. Well, after the ritual. I need to oversee *that,* at the very least.

*[The room is silent. Dean looks at Alces disapprovingly, while everyone else exchange glances.]*

**Alces:** So, uh, let's get this show on the road, shall we?

*[The group voices their agreement, individual speech is impossible to decipher amid the voices. Alperstein and Dean retrieve their weapons from beside the door and leave, the latter shooting Alces a final glare before shutting the door. Zeta-0726's members gather themselves, staring after them.]*

**Laabi:** What's the American's problem?

**Nassar:** Just not used to being ordered around by someone without the red, white and blue stabbed into their lapel, I'd imagine.

**Alces:** I think that's it. *[He sighs heavily.]* Wasn't exactly happy when I told him I was the one in charge, and he's been difficult ever since. Not, like, outright insubordination, but just... Maliciously compliant. Everything has to be about how *my* instructions were off, so he had to improvise and work everything out himself.

**Haussmann:** Always one. You get a lot of people like that in anomalous lines of work. Getting my degree... Group projects were hell.

**Arcadio:** Hell is other people, as they say.

**Laabi:** Not sure that's what that term's supposed to mean.

**Arcadio:** And I'm not sure I'm bothered to find the person who said it and ask for their input, so I'll mean it how I damn well please. Now, if we're all ready, I think it's about time we relocated to our new base of operations. 

**Alces:** I've always wanted to see what the city looked like from up there...

**Haussmann:** Well, today's your lucky day. We're going to get a tour of the streets from up there too.

**Alces:** ...Is now a bad time to mention I get motion sickness quite easily?

**Nassar:** No better time than the present, expect for the past. As long as you do it out the window.

*Zeta-0726, having collected themselves, begin to leave the room. Alces scrambles to follow them.*

**Alces:** Nobody'll be able to tell I did, at the very least...

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶︎Access: Log 15/09/2001 - 200153</summary>

### **Record 2001/09/15 - 200153**

#### Statue of Liberty's Crown

****Members:****

* Provisional Task Force Zeta-0726 "Damn Thieves" Members

 * Commander Nieves Rosa Arcadio (GOC)

 * Captain Abbas Laabi (HI)

 * Agent Santiago Arango Nassar (SCPF)

 * Doctor Frida Haussmann (PL)

* MTF Nu-7 Deputy Commander Rex Alces

---

*[Alces' body camera begins recording. The group are now inside of the crown of the Statue of Liberty. Red light streams in through the vents at the front, casting panels of red against the beige walls of the interior. Haussmann kneels on the raised section of walkway at the very front of the chamber, the streams of light illuminating an expression of barely contained worry in the semi-darkness. Arcadio and Nassar stand on either side of her, peering out of the crown and out toward Manhattan. On the far side of the crown, Laabi's face and upper body can be seen through one of the vents, illuminated by a faint purple light. Based on the visibility, he appears to be laying across several other vents.]*

**Laabi:** Almost ready? Just did my third sweep of the rods up here, and if any of them were gonna come loose, they would've by now.

**Haussmann:** Nearly. How're things looking?

**Nassar:** Looks to be a swarm of winged demons amassing near Battery Park. No word from any forces about movement nearby. Looks like we might have company soon. *[He sticks an arm out of the window, pistol in hand, and seems to aim at the out-of-sight swarm.]* Better be ready by then, you two.

**Arcadio:** Ready as I can be. *[She checks the clip on her assault rifle, before pointing the muzzle out of the vent.]* Laabi?

**Laabi:** *[He seems to grin.]* Born ready. I've got enough caffeine in me to kill an elephant. Soul isn't demanifesting any time soon. I'll be out as long as you need.

**Haussmann:** Your proclivity for choosing the most suicidal course of action in any situation is both awe-inspiring and deeply concerning.

**Laabi:** *Alhamdulillah,* I always seem to make it out just fine. I don't plan on this being the place I die, or any of you die, either.

**Alces:** Very reassuring, all this talk about death.

**Nassar:** We can talk about kittens instead, if you'd prefer. 

**Haussmann:** A bit less bickering, please?

*[The group promptly goes silent. They remain as such for roughly ten seconds, before Haussmann takes a deep breath and stands.]*

**Haussmann:** Alright. I've managed to lure something big in. I think I'll be able to control it for... a few hours, at the very least. More, if my sugar intake's high enough.

*[Just out of view, Alces fumbles with something, before extending an arm, holding a bottle of Orangina toward Haussmann. She takes it, and nods in appreciation.]*

**Alces:** Have, uh, a few more of those. Vending machine exploded in my face not long after I got here, and it might be a little flat. Still, it *should* help, at least a little.

**Haussmann:** *[She opens the bottle and drinks from it, draining about half of it in a matter of seconds. She stops, closes the bottle and frowns slightly.]* A bit warm, too. But thanks, either way. I should be ready now.

*[Her teammates nod. Laabi stands, and moves toward the top of the statue at a near-horizontal angle. Alces, Arcadio and Nassar grab hold of the nearby railing, leaving Haussmann with ample space to perform.]*

**09/15 14:27:32:** Foundation drones around Liberty Island are alerted to a likely threat. Footage from each drone's recording apparatus shows the swarm of winged demons mentioned by Nassar beginning to cross the mouth of the Hudson River. Foundation, Pentagram and Horizon Initiative forces on the island are alerted and prepare anti-air measures. In the water below, a number of dark spots can be seen approaching.

*[Haussmann extends both arms, hands open and facing upward, forming a "T" shape. Sand trickles out from between her fingers, vanishing into the air as it falls. Slowly, she turns her hands to face downward, only to find them empty when she does so.]*

**09/15 14:27:58:** Nu-7 artillery fires at the approaching aerial swarm. No effect.

**09/15 14:28:13:** Half a dozen reptilian entities begin to disturb water off the southeast coast of Liberty Island. Pentagram and Nu-7 infantry fire at the source, killing one of the entities. The waves caused by the disturbance make landfall, and begin to soak supplies along the southern seafront. Civilians begin to pull back toward the centre of the island.

*[Arcadio and Nassar begin to fire at the approaching swarm. Alces grips the scaffolding, hyperventilating. Haussmann continues, bringing her hands in front of her, presumably to form a hand sign, but the camera's angle obscures it from viewing.  The air within the crown begins to hum faintly.]*

**09/15 14:28:51:** Further aquatic disturbances are recorded off the northern and southwestern coasts. Horizon Initiative forces utilize holy water cannons to drive the entities away from the island, but the holy water quickly mixes with the bay's water, greatly lessening the effect to the point of near-inertia. 

**09/15 14:29:01:** Several smaller winged demons arrive at Liberty Island.

---

*[Laabi's body camera begins recording.]*

*[He stands at the top of the State of Liberty, facing the oncoming horde of airborne demons. A small stream begins to break off, seemingly having noticed his presence on top of the statue. The vaguely humanoid forms flap towards him, screeching as they close the distance.]*

*[Quietly, Laabi begins to pray the Shahada, and draws his nimcha.]*

*[Haussmann extends her right arm to the side, index finger curled back. Red sparks dance along the length of her arm, coalescing in her palm. She copies the motion with her other hand, to a similar effect. The statue rumbles around them. Slowly, she begins to chant.]*

**Haussmann:** Falling fires.

**09/15 14:29:30:** Several of the reptilian demons emerge from the water and begin to attack the Pentagram forces on the southwest side of the island. 

**09/15 14:29:37:** Nu-7 artillery fires on the swarm again. Despite noticeable losses, it continues to converge on the island, with several groups beginning to make landfall.

*[Dr. Haussmann groans. Her hair stands on end. Researcher Alces takes a step towards her. Then he takes two steps back.]*

**Dr. Haussmann:** Got it.

**09/15 14:29:42:** The beachhead of the swarm advances in full force towards the Nu-7 soldiers. Shots ring out from the crown of the statue, hitting Tartarean entities below.

*[Laabi's camera shows him slicing winged demons. He then screams.]*

**Laabi:** You're trying too hard!

**Nassar:** Shut up! I hit them!

**Haussman:** Both of you shut up! Frida needs to concentrate.

**09/15 14:29:50:** The Nu-7 forces start to retreat while firing at the swarm.

**Haussmann:** It is in here.

**Alces:** What is?

*[Haussmann closes her eyes, concentrating again.]*

**Haussmann:** Humanoid thoughtform. That's good. It won't need that much time to adapt to its new body. And... *[She relaxes.]* It is angry at the demons below. It... She? She wants to defend herself.

**Nassar:** So it's good? Are we good?

**Haussmann:** Yes?

*[The room shakes. Through one of the windows, the camera catches a glimpse of the right arm of the statue moving on its own.]*

**Haussmann:** I think I may have put the living concept of the Statue of Liberty itself into the Statue of Liberty.

**09/15 14:30:12:** A metallic grinding noise fills the zone of conflict. The retreating Nu-7 forces look up to see the Statue of Liberty, henceforth referred to as SCP-8911, lifting its right arm. It swats the winged entities, crushing them against its torch.

**09/15 14:30:19:** SCP-8911 moves its lower half, seemingly crouching. The Nu-7 survivors run to safety inside the Liberty Island Command Center. The swarm follows them in tow.

**09/15 14:30:23:** SCP-8911 jumps from its pedestal and lands in the middle of the swarm, crushing most of the tartarean entities.

*[Haussmann is still standing, imitating the normative position of SCP-8911, the rest of the team is  on the floor, trying to stand up.]*

**Alces:** What? What is happening?

**Haussmann:** That, my friends, is Lady Liberty.

**Arcadio:** *[While running towards one of the windows.]* And you said you couldn't animate statues!

**Haussmann:** Again, the Bethesda angel is Bronze. This is copper. Different things!

**09/15 14:30:28:** SCP-8911 brings its left foot up and down repeatedly, smashing the infrastructure of Liberty Island but also the demons below. 

**09/15 14:30:42:** SCP-8911 swings its right arm again, terminating more winged entities. The last survivors congregate outside of the range of its right arm and then launch an attack against the head.

*[From Laabi's bodycam, as he stands on the forehead of SCP-8911, the oncoming onslaught of winged demons can be seen approaching.]*

**Laabi:** We got enemies on our 12!

*[Haussman shouts from inside SCP-8911's head, and the voice can only be heard faintly in Laabi's footage.]*

**Haussmann:** She'll handle it!

*[Another metallic grinding noise can be heard, overpowering every microphone. Then, SCP-8911 lifts her left arm, using the* tabula ansata *it's holding as a shield. The entities can't evade it and collide directly with it, terminating themselves.]*

**Laabi:** *Al'ama!* Lit. "Damn." 

*[Inside the crown of SCP-8911, the other Zeta-0726 celebrate by patting each other on the back.]*

**Arcadio:** And now what?

**Haussmann:** Well, I have ideas. Have any of you watched *Godzilla*?

**Nassar:** Nope.

**Arcadio:** Me neither.

**Haussmann:** Well, this can be our kaiju, I guess.

**Alces:** As long as we don't end up like *Planet of the Apes*, I'll take anything.

</details>

@@@@

Once proven to be combat-effective, SCP-8911 would continue aiding Foundation anti-Tartarean efforts in Liberty's Island perimeter. New developments in Manhattan proper, as a result of coordinated Chaos Insurgency assaults against the Foundation, resulted in an unprecedented change of priorities for SCP-8911's employment.

@@@@

@@@@

<details>
<summary>▶︎Access: Log 15/09/2001 - Communication - Help Request</summary>

**Everwood:** Hello, Liberty Island? Can y– *[Static.]* –me?

**Alces:** Jay! I copy you! 

**Everwood:** Rex! We are suf– *[Static.]* – major losses!

**Alces:** Shit.

**Nassar:** What's going on, Rex?

**Alces:** I don't know. I think they're getting their asses kicked.

**Everwood:** Liberty Island– *[Static.]* –se, send reinforcements! Insurgency forces a– *[Static.]* 

**Alces:** Jay, you took Nu-7 with you! I don't know what more reinforcements I could possibly give you!

**Everwood:** Is that a cupcake? Get dow– *[An explosion is audible.]*

**Arcadio:** A... cupcake? What?

**Alces:** Jay? Jay?! Can you hear me? Damn it, Jay, you need to buy James the Gamecube yourself, you hear me?!

**Everwood:** Rex. It's her. [http:*ci-wiki.wikidot.com/hime-akumu Hime Akumu]. She's– *[Static.]* – we cannot make it into the WTC like this, we *need* backup, now! I don't care who you need to beg– *[Static.]* – who it is, send someone! *[Distant from the microphone]// Alright, Nu-7, follow me! Breach the bulkhead! Now, go, go, go!

**Alces:** God damn it. They're playing hero and I'm sitting here with my thumb up my ass.  How am I going to explain to James that they– no. They can't die here. 

**Laabi:** Perhaps we can be of assistance?

**Arcadio:** We can get in there with the Apportation Pack and pull them out. Now that Dr. Haussmann has been fiddling with it, it should work even with the Dimensional Collapse going on. 

**Haussmann:** I don't know how long the cooldown period will be for each apportation, but... maybe. I can't promise it will work, or that we will reach your mentor in time, but we can at least try and evacuate what's left of the SUSEOCT forces.

**Laabi:** You have my sword.

**Arcadio:** I will help as best I can.

**Nassar:** Just one question. What can four people realistically do against such an army and demons?

**Rex:** I don't know. I just... Man. I wish I could have been a better leader.

*[There is a two minute silence.]*

**Arcadio:** You did the best you co– What are you four looking at?

**Haussmann:** Well... we do already have a small army standing here on Liberty Island. An increasingly exhausted one, but the Williamsburg Golem is holding strong so far.

**Nassar:** And we do need a symbol now more than ever.

**Laabi:** It's a daring heist, but if we pull it off, we will be able to save everyone and possibly put an end to this. 

**Arcadio:** Fine. Dr. Haussmann, can you fire up my Apportation Pack? We need to get to the crown.

**Haussmann:** It would be my pleasure, Commander.

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶︎Access: Log 15/09/2001 - 200311 </summary>

### **Record 2001/09/15 - 200311**

****Members:****

* Provisional Task Force Zeta-0726 "Damn Thieves" Members

 * Commander Nieves Rosa Arcadio (GOC)

 * Captain Abbas Laabi (HI)

 * Agent Santiago Arango Nassar (SCPF)

 * Doctor Frida Haussmann (PL)

* MTF Nu-7 Deputy Commander Rex Alces

* MTF Nu-7 Commander Jay Everwood

* Pentagram Agent Tyler Dean

---

*[Following the activation of Arcadio's Apportation Pack, PTF Zeta-0726, Alces, and SCP-8911 reappear outside of the World Trade Center. Arcadio peers out of the crown of SCP-8911 and spots PoI-9203 flying around, dropping explosive cupcakes. PoI-9203 suddenly stops upon seeing SCP-8911 and backs away defensively.]*

**Alces:** Is that what apportation is?! I think I'm going to be sick.

**Arcadio:** No time for that. We need to stop her from killing everyone.

**Laabi:** What? Are you asking me to kill her? She's no more than a girl!

**Nassar:** She's also gotten everyone down there killed. 

**Haussmann:** Can we focus? Get down from the statue and go find Rex's mentor! I'll keep her off of us. 

*[Haussmann assumes a defensive stance, which SCP-8911 imitates. Laabi jumps out onto the nearby WTC 1 tower, sticking to the glass of the windows with his Type Purple abilities. Arcadio drops a Translocator Beacon from outside the object's crown, which hits the ground, and instantly transports her, Alces, and Nassar to there.]*

**Alces:** God, it's even worse a second time. Jay? Jay?! Where are you?

*[The wind howls overhead as PoI-9203 begins floating closer to SCP-8911, appearing to inspect it. Laabi runs down the building then drops, joining the rest of the group as they rush into the lobby of WTC 1. There are dozens of injured Tau-7 units and a few GOC WHITE and ORANGE Suits within. One of the soldiers spots them running in through the shattered glass doors and holds his weapon up at them.]*

**Soldier 1:** Hey! Hands up! Identify yourselves!

**Nassar:** Relax, I'm with you. 

*[A few other soldiers turn and raise their weapons, though many merely continue to move the injured into comfortable positions.]*

**Arcadio:** I'm Strike Team Commander Nieves Rosa Arcadio. We came to back up Dr. Everwood following their call for help to Liberty Island.

*[The soldiers lower their weapons. One of the WHITE Suits steps forward.]*

**????????:** Nieves? 

*[Arcadio turns to face the voice. Outside, SCP-8911 begins pacing around as Haussmann observes PoI-9203, who is circling around it. Suddenly, PoI-9203 moves her right arm, hurling a cupcake at SCP-8911. It detonates near its right leg, causing it to buckle momentarily. The soldiers inside of WTC 1 call to back  up further into the building.]*

**Arcadio:** Alex? Merchant? Is that you?

*[Alces looks around, spotting Everwood, who is being moved by two soldiers. They are missing their right arm and are bleeding profusely.]*

**Rex:** Jay! 

*[Alces runs to them and is followed by Laabi, leaving Nassar and Arcadio behind with the WHITE Suit.]*

**Merchant:** It is. Look, I... I wanted to say I'm sorry. About the bridges. I made the call, and I regret what I did. But you have to understand, I--

*[An explosion rings from outside as another cupcake hits SCP-8911.]*

**Haussmann:** Didn't your mother teach you not to play with fire?!

*[SCP-8911 attempts to swing at PoI-9203, narrowly missing her twice. PoI-9203 retaliates by detonating various cupcake bombs near the crown of SCP-8911.]*

**Arcadio:** Save it. If we survive, I'll be having you tried at the Hague. 

**Merchant:** Fine. I hope you make it.

*[Alces reaches Everwood, with Laabi in tow.]*

**Laabi:** *Bismallah*, you will survive, Doctor. Come. All the wounded, round up! We will get you out of here soon.

*[Laabi begins organizing the soldiers into groups: the wounded and the able bodied. Everwood whispers something to Rex before passing out. Rex sighs, looking around.]*

**Alces:** Fuck me.

*[Haussmann screams as the explosions rattle her within the crown of SCP-8911. Nassar and Arcadio run out of WTC 1 to look up at PoI-9203 continuously bombarding SCP-8911 as Haussmann shields herself, causing the object to mimic her.]*

**Nassar:** Hey, bitch!

*[Nassar stabs himself in the right wrist with his weapon. The runes on the blade attached to his revolver glow, soaking up blood. He removes it, and within seconds, the wound is healed. He fires a shot up at PoI-9203, which grazes her shoulder.]*

**Nassar:** There's more where that came from. Why don't you pick on me for a while?

**PoI-9203:** Because you'll break, just like the rest. I like it when my toys don't break.

**Nassar:** *No has visto nada todavia.*

*[Haussmann swings at PoI-9203 as she is distracted, causing her to impact against the glass windows of WTC 1 at around the 15th floor, knocking her within. Meanwhile, in the lobby, Laabi has finished preparations for apportation; all the wounded are on the left and the able-bodied are on the right.]*

**Laabi:** Okay. This is going to make you feel a little unwell, but it will be nothing compared to what you've already experienced. Rex, come here.

**Alces:** Yes, Commander? 

*[Laabi hands Alces the Apportation core.]*

**Laabi:** Use this to take you, your mentor, and the rest of the wounded to Liberty Island. Don't come back for us. Stay alive. And, may Allah forgive me, fuck what Dean says. You'll make it out okay. 

**Alces:** What? You mean we're not returning the statue?!

**Laabi:** Maybe later!

*[Laabi runs outside to join the group. Arcadio and Nassar look up at the hole in the glass where PoI-9203 crashed into the building.]*

**Laabi:** What did I miss?

**Arcadio:** Good news, the kid is done for.

**Haussmann:** What a relief. I was starting to wonder if she was going to--

*[An explosion rings out from within WTC 1, blowing out the windows on the 15th floor. PoI-9203 flies out, dropping cupcakes all over the plaza and onto SCP-8911. Haussmann reflexively swings her arm, which causes SCP-8911 to respond in kind. This pins PoI-9203 against the concrete exterior wall of WTC 1.]*

**Haussmann:** Damn it, just surrender!

**PoI-9203:** Never!

**Arcadio:** Laabi, grab her if you would. 

*[Laabi nods and begins scaling the side of the wall. Before he can make it halfway, PoI-9203 screams. A massive explosion detonates between her and SCP-8911's torch.]*

**Haussmann:** Laabi, get down! 

*[The gathered individuals scream. Haussmann retracts her arm, which causes SCP-8911 to mimic her movement. PoI-9203's right arm falls to the ground.]*

*[Alces activates the Apportation core, instantly transporting himself, Everwood, and 40 other injured soldiers to Liberty Island. Agent Dean is stood immediately before him.]*

**Dean:** I hope you have a good explanation as to why Lady Liberty is missing, kid.

*[Alces vomits on Dean.]*

</details>

<details>
<summary>▶︎Access: Log 15/09/2001 - 200341 </summary>

### **Record 2001/09/15 - 200341**

****Members:****

* Provisional Task Force Zeta-0726 "Damn Thieves" Members

 * Commander Nieves Rosa Arcadio (GOC)

 * Captain Abbas Laabi (HI)

 * Agent Santiago Arango Nassar (SCPF)

 * Doctor Frida Haussmann (PL)

---

*[Around SCP-8911, the World Trade Center is quiet. Distant sounds of fighting can be heard, but the bulk of the battle has moved on. The four members of PTF Zeta-0276 are sitting at the base of SCP-8911, catching their breath.]*

**Arcadio:** Hey, good job, before. You saved our asses.

**Haussman:** I killed someone. Or in the best case, I mutilated someone. No, I mutilated a kid.

*[Nassar gives her a bottle of water.]*

**Nassar:** Hey, that kid was killing people. In fact, she also had just mutilated a Foundation doctor. So, you know, it was a fair punishment.

**Laabi:** An eye for an eye...

**Arcadio:** The point is, this is war.

**Nassar:** Lady Liberty seems to be taking it well, though.

*[Arcadio pats the folds at the base of SCP-8911.]*

**Arcadio:** She's doing a good job. 

**Haussman:** She is. And hey, if we make it out alive, I'll put you all in the acknowledgements section of the paper I'll write about her.

**Laabi:** I was expecting a medal, but I guess that'll have to do.

*[They pass the water bottle around. Then, a rumble comes from the west.]*

**Arcadio:** *¡Caracoles*!

*[A colossal, hulking shape approaches. It roars.]*

**Nassar:** *Mecagüentodo*. Everyone back inside. Now!

</details>

At around 9:27 a.m., a 45 meter tall Tartarean Entity was sighted approaching the World Trade Center. As local Hume values de-stabilized, only SCP-8911 was in condition to engage the entity.

<details>
<summary>▶︎Access: Log 15/09/2001 - 200368 </summary>

### **Record 2001/09/15 - 200368**

****Members:****

* Provisional Task Force Zeta-0726 "Damn Thieves" Members

 * Commander Nieves Rosa Arcadio (GOC)

 * Captain Abbas Laabi (HI)

 * Agent Santiago Arango Nassar (SCPF)

 * Doctor Frida Haussmann (PL)

---

*[The colossal Tartarean Entity can be seen approaching the WTC from the east through the vents in SCP-8911's crown. SCP-8911 is at the south of the towers, facing the entity. Dark red clouds begin to gather above, changing the helllight from a bright red to a deep, bloody crimson. The room within the crown is silent, as the group within stares out at the titanic being.]*

**Nassar:** *Dios mio,* that's the biggest one yet. Tell Command we're going to need support, that ain't going down easily.

**Haussmann:** Try anyway?

*[Nassar taps his inter-communicator, before wincing and jerking his head to the side. Loud static can heard from the receiver.]*

**Nassar:** *iMierda! iMi oído!*

**Arcadio:** Of course it fails now. All radios love dramatic failures, I swear...

**Nassar:** We'll have to do this on our own, then. 

**Laabi:** Better this way, if you ask me. *[He grins.]* It'll be a good show for the folk on the ground. Like being on the set of a Godzilla movie.

**Arcadio:** Are both of you just- You know what, never mind. I guess we're Mechagodzilla now. Everyone, battle stations.

*[The group scrambles to ready themselves, as Haussmann assumes her piloting position. Nassar pokes his head out of the vent nearest to him, whistling as he stares at the approaching titan.]*

**Nassar:** Horned, has wings that look too small to use... And a little barbed tail. Never been *too* religious, but if *El Diablo* is real, I think we might be looking at him.

**Arcadio:** Armed?

**Laabi:** Two arms, no weapons, but they look like they could flatten all of Bahrain in a single swing. *A-ozu billahi mena shaitaan Arrajeem.* He's closing the distance fast. Don't like our chances of going hand to hand with this thing.

**Arcadio:** Good thing we have the Holy Fire in the torch, then. Frida, how long until it recharges?

**Haussmann:** Uh... Ten minutes, maybe fifteen? 

**Nassar:** Well, that’s a bit of a bother.

**Haussmann:** It certainly is.

**Laabi:** I can imagine a few ways to help in the meantime... *[His hand creeps toward the sheath of his nimcha.]*

**Arcadio:** *[She slaps his hand away from the hilt.]* Don't even think about it, Spider-Man. And get ready, *el cabrón* looks just about ready to throw down.

*[The Tartarean Entity is now located just outside the WTC, its head cocked slightly to one side as it stares in the windows of the North Tower, emitting a low growling sound. SCP-8911 adopts an  [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Boxing_styles_and_technique#Stances upright stance], which seems to attract the attention of the entity. Something comparable to a smile crosses its face, and it begins to turn towards SCP-8911.]//

**Haussmann:** Grab onto something! This is gonna hurt!

*[The Tartarean Entity extends an arm, moving to shred SCP-8911 with a massive clawed hand. Haussmann directs the statue to [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Bob_and_weave bob and weave] in response, before delivering a [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Jab jab] directly to the entity's chitinous face. A loud crunch is heard, and the being roars in pained rage. Its tail whips upward, the barbed tip slamming sideways into SCP-8911's neck. The statue rattles. The team inside narrowly avoids being flung against the walls. The Tartarean Entity laughs, a sound similar to the rumbling of an earthquake, and SCP-8911 answers with an unsteady [https:*en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Hook_(boxing) right hook] to its chest.]//

*[It arches backwards, but the Colossal Tartarean Entity quickly recovers and lunges forward slashing at the statue’s torso. SCP-8911 temporarily loses equilibrium, but Haussmann maintains enough balance for the anomaly to backhand the entity with its tablet, making it fall backwards.]*

**Nassar:** Nice moves! You box in your free time?

**Haussmann:** MMA, so boxing and [BJJ](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Brazilian_jiu-jitsu). Prometheus wanted us to be overqualified for any other position, so I took classes for a few years.

**Arcadio:** Focus, it can still move!

*[The red clouds over the WTC grow larger and heavier. The colossal Tartarean Entity kicks SCP-8911’s legs, causing the statue to fall forward. The crew of the anomaly lose balance and hold onto nearby objects as they hit the ground, with minimal injury.*

**Haussmann:** Hold on, hard! I can put us right back up, just one second!

*[SCP-8911 begins to raise itself from the ground with the help of both its arms. The Demon then proceeds to flap its wings rapidly, lifting itself from the ground. Once it reaches a considerable height, it stops, dropping at the back of SCP-8911. The statue’s command center shakes, as Zeta-0726 are thrown to the floor and walls.*

**Nassar:** God, my ribs.

**Laabi:** They’ll get better. They always do. Now, lend me a hand with this.

*[Laabi is the first member of Zeta-0726 to stand up. Slowly, he begins grabbing several pieces of Arcadio's anti-Tartarean weaponry. He passes one of the rifles to Nassar, his breathing shaky.]*

**Arcadio:** What the *hell* do you think you are doing?

**Laabi:** Saving us all. I thought that much would be obvious.

**Arcadio:** You’re gonna get yourself killed, you maniac!

**Laabi:** If we want to stand a chance at killing it, we need to be able to take it by surprise, or at the very least split its attention.

**Nassar:** He’s got a point. Frida, how much longer until the Fire's ready?

**Haussmann:** *[She struggles to her feet, blood slowly trickling down her face from a wound above her eyebrows.]* I... think... a minute? Maybe two, three? 

**Nassar:** Well, I can last that long. And I trust my friend here will as well.

*[Nassar grabs the rifle in Laabi's hand, using it as a grip to regain his footing. He takes the gun and pulls Laabi into a one-armed hug for a moment, before going to check the gun's ammunition.]*

**Arcadio:** Tell me you two at least have a plan not to die immediately.

**Nassar:** It's not like we're going to jump into the maws of hell without a plan. *[He detaches the clip from the gun, and holds it up for Arcadio to see.]* These bullets were bathed in holy water, according to the Initiative folks. I'm thinking that, if we hit that thing in the eye, we could blind it, at least for a time.

**Laabi:** And if we don’t, we’ll at least annoy it enough to give the statue time to get back on its feet.

*[Commander Rosa Arcadio sighs heavily, pulling herself upright and takes the gun from Nassar. He protests, as she hands him a similar rifle that'd been laid at their feet.]*

**Arcadio:** I’ll go with you. This weaponry doesn’t work without me present. Someone's ill-thought out security measure. *[She turns to look at Haussmann, who is applying gauze to her head wound.]* Frida, once ready, fire at will.

**Haussmann:** Understood. *[Shakily, she raises her free hand as a fist.]* I see people in movies do this a lot. Like, a kind of group fist bump.

*[Nassar and Laabi quickly copy the movement, placing their fists beside Haussmann's to form a U-shape. They look at Arcadio expectantly, as she rolls her eyes and takes a hand off her rifle, completing a square.]*

**Haussmann:** *[She smiles weakly.]* Go team?

**Arcadio, Laabi and Nassar:** Go team.

*[Arcadio, Laabi and Nassar exit SCP-8911, which lays against the scorched asphalt. The colossal Tartarean Entity is overhead, observing SCP-8911 for any movement. It fails to notice the three exiting the statue. The group quickly disperse, taking position in the ruins of buildings surrounding the Tartarean Entity. The sky has grown darker, the clouds above bordering on black.]*

**Arcadio:** Aim well. Even with the size of this thing, we're shooting sixty meters up at a seventy-something degree angle.

**Nassar:** Angle Shmangle. Just fire enough bullets, one'll reach the squishy bits sooner or later.

*[A barrage of bullets fills the air, pelleting the face of the colossal Tartarean Entity with holy lead. It roars in anger, and closes its eyes, dragging its attention away from SCP-8911 to turn toward one source of the bullets.]*

**Arcadio:** The second it moves towards any of us, run like hell.

*[The colossal Tartarean Entity flies higher as another round of fire emerges from its surroundings. Within a matter of seconds, it has reached a height where the effects of the bullets is impossible to tell. It produces a sound somewhere between a roar and a laugh, as it looks down onto the street below.]*

**Nassar:** It is gonna try charging us, ain't it?

**Laabi:**  Nah, I bet it'll try something different. Dropping on our heads like Mario, or something.

**Nassar:** Ten dollars says you're wrong.

**Laabi:** By all accounts, I shouldn't take that bet, but I doubt either of us are going to be alive to pay if it isn't just running away. You're on, Santiago.

*[Red mist begins to coalesce around the Tartarean Entity as it continues to fly upward. It approaches the clouds above the WTC, and vanishes from view entirely.]*

**Laabi:** *Khara,* it's gone. Eyes on the sky, unless your dream retirement is as a red stain on the ground.

**Nassar:** Bad news, we got company. Lots of it.

*[Numerous smaller Tartarean Entities appear in the area of the battle, seemingly out of nowhere. Those with visible eyes lock onto the group, and a chorus of howls echoes across the battlefield.]*

**Arcadio:** We’re getting surrounded! God, this was a *terrible* idea. Retreat! Let's get back into the statue before they overrun us.

**Nassar:** Won't be possible, there's already a horde behind us. Too big to get into the statue, by the looks of them, thankfully, but just the right size to crush us if we make a run for it.

*[Laabi seems to be counting the number of visible demons, silently praying as his finger goes from horde to horde.]*

**Arcadio:** Laabi, what the hell are you doing?

**Laabi:** Quick bit of mental maths. Current rate, if we went out, I'd reckon we'd be able to take about four, maybe five hundred with us. *[He pauses for a moment, before a look of realisation crosses his face.]* Actually, hang on... I think I remember something. Haven't done it since I was in Wau in 1999, but...

*Laabi unsheathes his nimcha. In the low light, the portion of its blade that glows purple illuminates his torso, and the lower half of his face.*

**Nimcha:** *When the woodland everywhere is despoiled of its green honours, make straight for the deep forest, mounted on the snow-white housing of your steed.*

*[Laabi's hand moves to a small piece of metal that extends from the point where the pommel forms a hook. Catching it between his index finger and his thumb, he takes a deep breath, and slowly speaks.]*

**Laabi:** *Qul llan yusibana 'illa ma katab ٱlllah lana hu mawlaana waealaa ٱlllah falyatawakkal ٱlmuminun.* Surah At-Tawbah 9:51, from the Quran. *Say, "Nothing will ever befall us save what Allah has decreed for us. He is our Protector. And in Allah let the believers put their trust."* 

*[The light at the center of the blade glows brighter, its previous violet hue growing closer to indigo.]*

**Laabi:** This saber... It acts as an extension of the soul, a vessel for it. Normally, I can only use my Type Purple abilities to enhance my own physical abilities, but a part of it enters my weapon whenever I draw it. That said, it stays contained therein. Unless...

*[He pulls the piece of metal, and the light erupts from the sword. It coalesces into a semi-transparent copy of the blade, longer and larger than the physical one. Laabi removes his other hand, and lets his sword-arm hang by his side for a moment. He looks at Nassar and Arcadio, and smiles.]*

**Laabi:** That money better be on my grave straight after my funeral, Santiago, or I'll ask Allah directly for permission to haunt you.

**Nassar:** That's *if* you make it to the pearly gates, friend.

*[Nassar opens his mouth to speak, but Laabi quickly vaults over the remains of the wall beside him, toward the nearest group of Tartarean Entities. They turn to face him, hissing, as he swings the soul-sword. It cuts through the entities with ease, their legs falling away as their upper bodies hit the ground. He turns, pointing the tip of the weapon at the horde further down the street, yelling.]*

**Laabi:** *Maratan 'ukhraa 'iilaa aljahim baeidan maeka!* "Back to hell with you!" 

*[The horde charges toward Laabi, as he brings his other hand up to the hilt of the nimcha.]*

**Nassar:** *Por el amor de dios,* he's going to get himself killed! *[He looks to Arcadio.]* Get back to the statue. I'm going to help him.

**Arcadio:** *We* are going to help him. *[She places a hand on his shoulder.]* Haussmann can look after herself. But us? We're already out here. May as well make the most of it.

*[Nassar nods, and the two run out into the street, firing on the horde as it approaches. Tartarean Entities collapse on top of one another as bullet holes are blown into chests and foreheads, sending others stumbling as they run. The first wave approaches, and Laabi steps forward, his weapon leaving a bright purple afterimage as it carves through the entities, limbs and heads flying away from the crowd.]*

*[Another two waves of Tartarean Entities reach the group, and are swiftly dispatched, before a loud rumbling comes from behind the group, sending the remaining entities scrambling in the opposite direction, forming a loose semi-circle about a block away. The group turns to see SCP-8911 returning to a standing position, the torch in its hand beginning to flicker once again.]*

**Nassar:** Frida! Finally! You okay in there?

**Haussmann:** *[Minor radio interference distorts her voice.]* Feeling like a woman operating off of two hours of sleep and a concussion, but alright otherwise. Been worse.

**Arcadio:** Look alive, boys!

**Nassar and Laabi:** What?

*[Arcadio points to the sky, where a dark shape can be seen approaching fast from the mist. It quickly becomes apparent it is the colossal Tartarean entity, attempting to crush the group members outside the statue. They manage to jump out of the Tartarean Entity’s way, shortly before it lands, sending a tremor across the surrounding area. Arcadio, Laabi and Nassar take refuge inside the ruins of the building they had previously used as cover.]*

**Nassar:** Fuck!

**Haussmann:** Almost forgot about that thing.

**Arcadio:** Is the Fire ready? Could really do with it right about now.

**Haussmann:** Maximum capacity. Could keep it running for up to a minute if we need to.

**Arcadio:** Alright then. *[She raises an arm, and points behind SCP-8911.]* Let's give her a clear shot, boys.

**Nassar:** Good idea. I'm low on ammo, anyway.

*[The three retreat behind SCP-8911, as it raises the torch and points it at the colossal Tartarean Entity. It snarls, and begins to move its wings into an X-shape across its chest. The torch flickers, its orange flames suddenly taking on a white hue. For a moment, SCP-8911 is completely still, before a pillar of pure white flame emerges from the torch and shoots towards the horde of Tartarean Entities. The loose semi-circle behind the titanic being at the front is vaporized within seconds as the sea of burning light consumes them. The larger entity's wings seem to reflect the fire, two further plumes blasting diagonally up into the sky as it slowly approaches, each step building up the pressure against its wings, and increasing the size of the reflected blasts.]*

**Haussmann:** Fuck!

**Nassar:** Of course it does that. *Of course it does that.*

**Arcadio:** We need to get it to move those wings. Laabi, you think you can take a few chunks out of its foot until it's too annoyed to ignore you.

**Laabi:** With the torch on? Absolutely not. But... Actually, that gives me an idea.

**Haussmann:** Let's hear it, quickly.

**Laabi:** Arcadio, Nassar, I need you to trust me. Grab a hold of me, and hold on for dear life. Got it? 

*[The two nod. Laabi turns his head back toward SCP-8911.]*

**Laabi:** Frida, bring your free hand down here.

**Haussmann:** You're not going to--

**Laabi:** I'm going to. It'll be fine.

**Nassar:** I'm sorry, but what's *it,* in this context?

**Laabi:** Have you ever watched a baseball game?

*[SCP-8911 leans backward, attempting to keep the torch level as it rests its other hand, open-palmed, on the ground behind it. Laabi climbs on, and looks to Arcadio and Nassar expectantly. The two share a look of concern, before Arcadio shrugs.]*

**Arcadio:** Well, one of us can survive this stunt, at the very least.

*[She climbs onto the hand, and places a hand on Laabi's back. Nassar shakes his head and sighs, before following them.]*

**Nassar:** Fuck the bet, I'm keeping the ten bucks if you use me as a landing pad. 

*[SCP-8911 returns its hand to shoulder height, and closes its fingers slightly. The purple glow from the blade mirrors itself around Laabi, as he seems to activate his anomalous abilities.]*

**Laabi:** Grab my legs after we take off. It's probably the easiest way of going about this. But, if you could both just...

*[Arcadio and Nassar place a hand on each of Laabi's shoulders. In response, the blade shimmers and glows brighter, temporarily flashing a bright red before settling as a deep, royal purple, its length now likely surpassing its wielder in height.]*

**Nassar:** Woah.

**Arcadio:** So... It doesn't just channel your soul?

**Laabi:** Nope. Anyone helping me wield it is *technically* also using it, so... 

**Arcadio:** So it's like there's three of you using it, all at once?

**Laabi:** In effect, yes.

**Nassar:** God, I wish I had a cool sword.

**Laabi:** I'll take you all to the Project Malleus armory after this is all over, have ceremonial ones made for you all.

*[The hand stops moving.]*

**Haussmann:** Got a good wind-up for you guys. Just say the word.

**Laabi:** Ready?

*[Arcadio and Nassar nod.]*

**Laabi:** Batsman up.

*[SCP-8911's arm moves to throw the three. As its fingers unfurl, Laabi launches himself from its palm, Arcadio and Nassar grabbing a hold of his ankles as he does so. The trio fly through the air, before beginning a downward descent toward the Tartarean Entity's head. Laabi adjusts mid-air, and poises himself to stab directly downwards. As they pass the back of its head, he stabs into its flesh, and drags the blade down with himself, black blood spilling out of the wound as the combined weight of him and his passengers drags the blade down its neck and upper back. It howls, unfurling its wings as it pulls itself back and roars into the sky. The flames, no longer held back by the wings, cascade across its body, and it erupts into flames, collapsing to the ground as it dissolve.]*

*[As the dissolving body keels over forward, the flames from the torch cease, and the group manages to land relatively safely.]* Medical evaluations after the event would confirm that Arcadio, Laabi and Nassar only suffered minor injuries as a result of the fall. 

**Nassar:** *[He struggles to his feet, one of his legs evidently broken.]* Hahaha, FUCK! That fucking worked! *[He grabs Laabi by the shoulders and shakes him.]* You're fucking insane, absolutely nuts! In the best way possible! 

**Arcadio:** I... Never want to do that again. *[She struggles to her feet, before offering Laabi a hand up.]* I never want to do *any* of the last week again. But that's a highlight. 

**Laabi:** *[He accepts the hand, grinning.]* Don't worry. I think we all might be able to retire after this one. Eli's not going to believe it...

**Haussmann:** You're all insane, and I'm *so* glad you didn't die. 

**Laabi:** We didn't die because of you, Frida. Someone had to pilot the statue, and I don't think we could've asked for anyone better to do it.

**Haussmann:** Hey, just doing my job. Just on a much larger scale. Also, if you could, uh, say thanks to...

*Laabi nods to the statue, and salutes it.*

**Haussmann:** Thanks. Now, let me just...

*[SCP-8911 starts to right itself, returning to its usual pose, the helllight shining through the space between the WTC framing it like a halo.]*

**Haussmann:** Animation's lost, but... the statue's mostly intact. And honestly? I think that's a job well done. From all of us.

*[As the group stands, looking up at SCP-8911, the faintest traces of blue light begin to creep into the crimson darkness, as the clouds above the towers begin to clear.]*

</details>

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

### Addendum.8911.4 Deactivation and Aftermath

Upon its deactivation SCP-8911 was located over 3.5 kilometers from its original position. Thus, upon the end of the Manhattan Dimensional Collapse a way to return it had to be devised. Eventually, the City Council, opted to employ thaumotech over conventional transportation method, due to the state of Manhattan following the event. Fortunately, the same means by which SCP-8911 was transported in the first place became functional again following a period of ten days, and rather than devising new thaumotech, said means were utilized courtesy of Strike Team 0726 Commander Arcadio and Prometheus Labs employee Dr. Haussmann.

Though now at its former resting place, the statue had been changed significantly due to the events of the Manhattan Dimensional Collapse Terrorist Incident. Most notably, up to a quarter of its original mass had been lost, and a change in coloration was present through the whole statue. Thaumic Runes used during the animation failed to fade as had been hoped.

@@@@

@@@@

<details>
<summary>▶︎Access: Log 11/09/2021 - CNN USA Coverage, 20th Anniversary of Event</summary>

### Log 09/11/2021 - CNN-USA

#### CNN USA Coverage

---

**<BEGIN LOG>**

**Johanna:** Where were you when the Manhattan Dimensional Collapse Terrorist Incident happened? This is a moment many can recall, similar to the 1998 Persephone Event, the [http:*scp-int.wikidot.com/otter-al-ajillo 2015 Spanish Otter Incident], the [http:*scp-int.wikidot.com/tokyo-incidents 2017 Kanto earthquakes], and the even more recent wiping of the anomalous in the global south, these events are currently being taught in history classes around the world, and will presumably continue to be for years to come. The Manhattan Dimensional Collapse Terrorist Incident, or 'Manhattan Crisis' as the Foundation has come to refer to it, was more than the wake-up call that the Persephone Event was; it was a rude awakening. We now go live to Ronald Jeffries, the very same correspondent who was live at the scene when the Crisis began. Jeffries?

*[The camera cuts to an older gentleman with glasses standing in front of a large crowd of people. He smiles.]*

**Jeffries:** Hello, Johanna, and yes, I am standing here in New York City Hall in lower Manhattan, where twenty years ago, we all went to hell.

*[The camera cuts to archival footage of demons rampaging across Manhattan, the Chaos Insurgency and Foundation/GOC/Horizon Initiative forces engaged in combat, civilians fleeing, and finally, SCP-8911 battling a colossal Tartarean entity.]*

**Jeffries (Voiceover):** It's no secret that Manhattan, and by extension, the entire East Coast of North America, was saved by the actions of the Foundation, Global Occult Coalition, and Horizon Initiative. Many people's lives changed on that fateful day, and Manhattan was laid low. But now?

*[Footage changes to working SCP-2911-JP-1 instances wearing hard hats and high-vis vests, working alongside civilians.]*

**Jeffries (Voiceover):** Thanks to the efforts of our former assailants, Manhattan has been rebuilt and many of the old scars have long-since healed.

*[Footage changes to a panning shot of SCP-8911.]*

**Jeffries (Voiceover):** But what about Lady Liberty? For years, there has been an ongoing citizen's effort to fix this symbol of our nation. However, in recent times, these opinions have changed. Yes, indeed, dear viewer, many are saying that Lady Liberty's battered, rune-covered state is their preferred vision for the iconic statue.

*[The footage ends, and the camera goes back to the reporter.]*

**Jeffries:** And finally, twenty years after the Manhattan Crisis, the New York City council have stated that they have come to a conclusion as to the fate of Lady Liberty, which Mayor Bill de Blasio stated he will announce now. 

*[The camera cuts to the Mayor, who is wearing a suit and standing at a podium. The New York City and New York state flags wave behind him in the breeze.]*

**de Blasio:** Ladies and gentlemen... I won't mince words. After many long years of hemming and hawing, we have come to a conclusion on what will become of one of our fine city's most iconic landmarks. Not only have we elected to keep it as it is, to serve as a reminder that one must never admit defeat, not even when facing the literal depths of hell; but we are also proud to announce that we are granting the Key to the City to Commander Nieves Rosa Arcadio, Commander Abbi Labbas, Agent Santiago Arango Nassar, and Doctor Frida Haussmann. These four and the Statue of Liberty were responsible for animating the Statue of Liberty, and fighting side by side, they showed courage in the face of adversity, a trait I believe everyone should strive to possess.

*[The gathered crowd claps as the four walk onto the stage behind him. They are older, and a little worse for wear, but still move with energy.]*

**de Blasio:** Next time though, maybe ask before you take a National Monument for a joyride though, eh?

*[The crowd laughs.]*

**de Blasio:** So now, New York City, join me in--

**?????:** Wait! 

*[A man comes onstage from the right. He approaches the group. Arcadio, Laabi, Nassar, and Haussmann are seen vocalizing but their audio is not picked up by de Blasio's microphone.]*

**Jeffries:** Ladies and gentlemen, I believe we are experiencing a disruption here.

**de Blasio:** Who the hell are you? Security!

**Alces:** Don't I get anything?! I authorized them to do what they did with the Statue of Liberty! Come on, do you know stressful that was for me?! I was like 25 and in charge of an enti--

*[The feed cuts to the Host from before. She blinks, staring off-camera before speaking.]*

**Johanna:** Thank you Jeffries. In other news, are you overpaying for your groceries? This and more when we come back from commercial break.

**<END LOG>**

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

</details>

@@@@

@@@@

< [SCP-8910](SCP-8910) | SCP-8911 | [SCP-8912](SCP-8912) >

> **Filename:** fight1.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

The above image is a composite image of the following files:

> **Name:** Statue of Liberty 10.JPG

> **Author:** Ad Meskens

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Statue_of_Liberty_10.JPG) 

> **Name:** Minotauro

> **Author:** Kico Lopez

> **License:** CC BY SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/kicolopez/6095189360/)

---

> **Filename:** glow1.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Name:** Liberty Enlightening the World, Île aux Cygnes, Paris (39375936554).jpg

> **Author:**  	VillageHero

> **License:** CC BY SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Liberty_Enlightening_the_World,_%C3%8Ele_aux_Cygnes,_Paris_(39375936554).jpg) 

> **Name:** Statue of Liberty National Monument STLI2260.jpg

> **Author:** National Park Service Digital Image Archives

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Statue_of_Liberty_National_Monument_STLI2260.jpg)

> **Filename:** wtc.jpg

> **Name:** Statue of Liberty and WTC Fire

> **Author:** National Park Service

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:National_Park_Service_9-11_Statue_of_Liberty_and_WTC_fire.jpg)

> **Filename:** finalstatue.png

> **Name:** September 11th Tribute in Light from Bayonne, New Jersey

> **Author:** Anthony Quintano

> **License:** CC BY SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:September_11th_Tribute_in_Light_from_Bayonne,_New_Jersey.jpg)

> **Note:** Edited by
