[https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Boys%27_Room_Renovation_(22866445452).jpg image1], [https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:ONS_composites.jpg image2]. ratking, dracosludge.

The Interest

**Item #:** SCP-8532

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** It is not clear what procedures, if any, would be completely effective at preventing SCP-8532. Therefore, containment is focused on spreading plausible explanations for the deaths caused by it, using viable scapegoats local to the area. Should that prove impossible, the cases are to be left unsolved.

**Description:** SCP-8532 is a sudden event that can occur to human beings who are alone in their homes at night.In this case, a 'home' appears to be an individual's primary residence for at least 3 months. For this event to occur, a complicated set of conditions must be met. These conditions are listed below,Only conditions that appear in 95% of suspected cases have been included. It is likely, if not certain, that there are more conditions required that have not been confirmed yet. and have been roughly arranged in the order the victim is likely to fulfill them chronologically.

* The individual must be tired.

* The individual must not have any immediate need to leave the house, such as a fire.

* The individual must not have any plans to leave the house for the rest of the night.

* The individual must have a room in their home with no important purpose, or that is not commonly used.

* The individual must enter this room and remain in it for at least thirty minutes.

* The door must be obscuring what is on the other side of the doorway.

* The individual must be unarmed.

* The individual must not be recording, or have any recording devices that capture the doorway.

* The individual must open the door with the intention to leave the room.

* The door must open inwards.

Once the individual opens the door with these conditions fulfilled, a man in his early- to mid-20s will appear on the other side and stab at their throat with a steel pocket knife. He will then walk to an area out of sight from the victim and disappear. Often, the first stab will be the only one, but should the victim block the knife or protect their neck in some way, the man will repeatedly stab at their head, shoulder, chest, and/or ribcage until he is able to stab their throat. There are no reports of him speaking or responding to any sort of pleading from the victim. Occasionally, he will appear wearing a black ski mask.

As of writing, there are a total of 1,102 cases that appear to align with SCP-8532's conditions. Among these cases, only 49 victims survived the attack. These survivors were able to provide police, and the SCP Foundation by proxy, various details about the man and the circumstances surrounding the attack, which led to the classification of the phenomenon as anomalous. The earliest confirmed case of SCP-8532 occurred in 1980, but it is unclear whether it was active before then.

<< [SCP-8531](SCP-8531) | SCP-8532 | [SCP-8533](SCP-8533) >>
