##silver|System Notice: This version of the file you are attempting to access has been censored to qualify for 02 Clearance. To view the full file, re-access using [REDACTED] Clearance or higher.##

---

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:**

The solar-relative location of SCP-8384 is to be constantly monitored for gravitational fluctuations, and periodically monitored for radiation. Monitoring is to be conducted from at least three sites, one of which should be on the planet or planetoid closest to SCP-8384's last recorded location. Should remanifestation occur, SCP-8384 is to be visually monitored for usage until demanifestation. Should usage occur, standard containment procedures are to be followed, with one exception:

The appearance or design of SCP-8384 users are to be inspected for similarity to SCP-8384-2. Ongoing collaborative efforts with the Global Occult Coalition have produced a weapons array in solar orbit; should any instance of SCP-8384-2 be identified, Project Antitermite is to be activated. 

Additionally, multiple research proposals centered on the reinforcement of solar-local space are pending review.

**DESCRIPTION:** 

SCP-8384 is a monodirectional spatial wormhole that appeared in the solar system on 07/16/2025. At initial manifestation the anomaly was closest to Saturn, however stayed in its position relative solely to the Sun. Under the Foundation's current model of physics, the wormhole has only two anomalous properties: the unexplainable movement required to follow the Sun, and its one-way nature as an "exit" All of mundane Wormhole Theory describes a static joining of space, traversable from any entrance to any exit. .

SCP-8384 in isolation poses no significant threat to the Foundation, the Veil, or humanity. On first appearance it produced minor gravitational displacements, and continued to emit similarly harmless radiation throughout manifestation. These emissions are too subtle to be detected by public means; as it cannot be entered, it also poses little risk of public interaction. The threats related to SCP-8384, then, are any posed by objects or entities that may use it to enter the solar system from extrastellar space.

**DISCOVERY:**

On 07/16/2025 researcher Dr. Austin Wreath of Site 92 observed and recorded a series of gravitational fluctuations while testing anomalous equipment against non-anomalous systems. Noting the fluctuations' unusual consistency and brevity, Wreath scheduled usage of the onsite observatory to inspect the source of the disruption. Spectral AI-assisted analysis of the area revealed an unexplained source of radiation slightly more powerful than ambient. Wreath did not report his findings until after a second observation, which confirmed the source was not merely orbiting the Sun, but locked with the star's average rotation. Wreath filed a report to Site 92 administration, who forwarded it to the Department of Weird Astronomics. 

Though the initial gravity displacements of the anomaly resembled multiple previous wormholes, no specific match was found in the DWA database. DWA observation confirmed there was seemingly no matter in the anomaly's area, and light was being emitted from a hypothetical rift approximately 0.2km in diameter. This rift was designated SCP-8384.

 

---

 

**ADDENDUM A8384dA -- Initial Unmanned Exploratory Mission**

>    

> 

> ++ M8384et1 Mission Log 

> 

>  

>> *##maroon|Note: After the discovery of SCP-8384, a team dedicated to researching its nature, origin, and possible containment procedures was gathered. This team consisted of Dr. Wreath and a number of DWA staff, lead by Senior Researcher Dr. Honey Axford. M8384et1 was authorized by Axford.##*

>  

>     **Class:** Unmanned Research, Interplanetary

>     **Date:** 07/18/2025

>  

>     **Lead:** Dr. Axford

>     **Probe:** Foundation Ion Drone

>     **Operator:** Allison Roberts

>     **Additional ground control:** Dr. Axford, Dr. Wreath, Dr Ewing

>     **Subject:** SCP-8384

>  

>  

>  

> **T 13:00 EST:** A self-piloting Ion Drone is launched into Saturn orbit from an autonomous facility on Titan. Following remote instruction from Earth Site 380, the drone begins to propel itself toward  SCP-8384.

>  

> **T+4h42m:** The drone comes within 5km of the anomaly and begins deceleration. Minimal sensor equipment produce no unique readings.

>  

> **T+5h7m:** At 100m from the proposed surface of SCP-8384, the drone halts. Full sensors are activated, and for half an hour analysis of all readings are consistent with remote observation.

>  

> **T+5h37m:** The drone is instructed to launch an appendage into the anomaly, which passes through the space seemingly unaltered. Following the appendage's retraction, the drone itself enters SCP-8384's bounds. It remains in local space, reading an expected proximity increase in radiation and continuing through past the other hypothetical side.

>  

> **T+5h40m:** Full sensors are deactivated, and the drone's solar array is extended while the team deliberates.

>  

> **T+5h51m:** A spike in multiple categories of radiation is detected for several seconds, including a visual of bright light, and all contact is lost with the drone.

>  

> **T+6h4m:** Dr. Axford declares the mission concluded.

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dB -- Dr. Axford Personal Research Journal (Paper Volume) Entry**

>  

> *The following is an extract of Team Lead Axford's journal from the hours after the failed initial mission.*

>  

> Mission success.

> ~~Wormhole~~ ~~Anomaly~~ Wormhole(?) was normal until provoked

> Seems immaterial/cannot be entered/something

> Wormhole got energetic on contact, killed drone

> Site 92 guy already on edge, hopefully just nerves

>  

> Very exciting!

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dC -- Dr. Wreath Personal Research Journal Entry**

>  

> *The following was extracted from team member Dr. Wreath's journal from the day after the initial mission.*

>  

> ...and the signal went out. But I swear, I saw something out there. On the screen, there was some kind of shadow. None of the others said they saw anything, and the recording is just a flash and then nothing, but I swear there was a frame lost at the end there. Live, it was just a blur - but it did have form. This new Weird Astronomics woman, Axford, she thinks I probably blinked. She did say if I really saw something she'd believe me, which had me second-guessing for a while. Me being all horror movie dampened spirits a bit, like the team had all seen it before. Almost felt like dread.

> 8384's OC is still pending but we're hoping for Euclid. Overhead added a strategist and a few others to the team, might be a good sign. There's another drone headed out Sunday so if there's any more evidence of what happened we'll find it. Or we're just feeding something drones. We'll see. Pretty exciting stuff.

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dD -- 2^^nd^^ Unmanned Exploratory Mission**

>    

> 

> ++ M8384et2 Mission Log 

> 

>  

>> *##maroon|Note: Between M8384et1 mission end and the follow-up M8384et2, the Department of Weird Astronomics observed reflected light believed to be the lost Ion Drone. One hour later, a second reflector was observed within 3km. As the priority level of research into SCP-8384 had increased, an audio recording of Probe Control was taken during the second mission. Relevant extracts from the transcript of this recording are included in the mission log.##*

>  

>  

>     **Class:** Unmanned Research, Interplanetary

>     **Date:** 07/20/2025

>  

>     **Lead:** Dr. Axford

>     **Probe:** Foundation Ion Drone

>     **Operator:** John Hadrean

>     **Additional ground control:** Dr. Axford, Dr. Wreath, Dr Ewing

>  

> **T 12:15 EST:** A self-piloting Ion Drone, readied within 20km of SCP-8384 prior to mission start, is reactivated from dormant charging.

>   

> **Axford:** Okay, is everybody ready?

>   

> **Ewing:** Second time's the charm.

>  

> **Hadrean:** Final checks on the drone.

>  

> *(Pause)*

>  

> **Axford:** Wreath?

>  

> **Wreath:** Sorry?

>  

> **Axford:** You ready?

>  

> **Wreath:** Oh, yes. Sorry.

>  

> **Axford:** Eyes sharp. Mr. Hadrean, whenever you're ready.

>  

> The drone is instructed to begin approaching the first observed reflector of light, 1km from the anomaly in steady drift.

>  

> **T+43m:** The drone begins deceleration as it approaches its target.

>  

> *(Sounds of Dr. Ewing returning from the restroom can be heard)*

>  

> **Ewing:** How we looking?

>  

> **Hadrean:** Should be in view of the target any moment now.

>  

> **Axford:** Remember, this was too far out and way too short-notice to get good imaging on. We don't know if we're about to encounter our drone - we don't know what we're gonna encounter. Keep your eyes peeled and, Hadrean, be ready to get out if things get precarious. I don't want to explain another half million in potential drone losses to the director.

>  

> **Ewing:** Damn, half a million. Why do they always have to break the good stuff?

>  

> **Axford:** We don't know its completely broken yet, Alex.

>  

> **Wreath:** Or if there's a "they".

>  

> **Axford:** Exactly.

>  

> **Wreath:** Hold on, what is that?

>  

> **Hadrean:** Yeah, I think that's it.

>  

> *(Pause)*

>  

> **Hadrean:** But it looks... *(He trails off)*

>  

> **Axford:** Oh.

>  

> **T+46m:** The drone makes visual contact with its target, observing it as the previous unmanned mission's drone. The target drone is severely damaged, with half of its main body missing; the entire structure is warped, and scorching is present.

>  

> *(Axford can be heard sighing)*

>  

> **Wreath:** Do we think this is interaction with the wormhole, or something else?

>  

> **Ewing:** This isn't like any spatial interference I've seen - looks like something hit it with a flaming baseball bat. Man, I said they always break stuff, never just play nice.

>  

> **Axford:** I was hoping we could return it after testing. Okay, lets try not to come to any conclusions about "playing nice", even if this looks pretty bad. The other object we spotted is probably gonna be a fragment of this mess, we might learn more from it.

>  

> **T+1h3m:** After sampling and placing a tracker on the disabled drone, the functional drone is instructed to approach the second reflector. This will take it closer to the surface of the anomaly.

>  

> **T+1h49m:** The audio log records that after the Probe Operator signals proximity to the second target, Ground Control crew is silent for five minutes. The drone approaches its target, revealing it to be a large machine of unknown origin. The machine appears to have sustained similar scorching, warping, and tearing as the previous target. Sensors indicate it is inert.

>  

> **Wreath:** Is that ours?

>  

> *(The following two exclamations happened simultaneously)*

>  

> **Hadrean:** No.

>  

> **Axford:** Hell no.

>  

> **Axford:** Try to get a full three-sixty on it.

>  

> **Hadrean:** Rodger.

>  

> **Wreath:** A collision between this and our drone would explain the similar damage patterns.

>  

> **Ewing:** It would, unless the anomaly somehow produced this from our drone. Like a crude copy, appearing in the same location.

>  

> **Axford:** Maybe. I'm prioritizing return of samples over inspecting the main anomaly again, and prioritizing retrieval of this thing before our drone. You can't begin retrieval just with a probe, right?

>  

> **Hadrean:** Yeah, that'd fall outside of exploration.

>  

> **Axford:** I'll contact for a containment team. Unless anyone has any ideas, I'm gonna call the mission here and we can wait to analyze whatever this is.

>  

> **T+2h10m:** Surface sampling of both targets begin transit to Earth via an intermediary Area on Titan, where the mission is concluded.

>  

>> *##maroon|Note: In mission debrief, the second target of M8384et2 was designated SCP-8384-1.##*

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dE -- Site 380 DWA Observation**

>  

>  **Observation of SCP-8384 LoI:** Various monitorings that included SCP-8384 LoI at time of first exploratory mission were collected, and advanced multi-day analysis was carried out. On 07/21/2025, analysis concluded that no less than five unique signatures appeared after an increase in radiation from SCP-8384. One of the five signatures was confirmed to have overlapped with the first mission's probe, and is proposed to be SCP-8384-1. Greater scope observation was immediately started in hopes of tracking down all mobile signatures.

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dF -- Multi-Site Observations**

>  

>  **Observation of SCP-8384 Sub-anomalies (07/21/2025):** Recording of a greater area and time period after the first exploratory mission concluded confirms no less than 9 signatures appearing from the anomaly. Upon appearance all signatures moved away from each other and SCP-8384 at a decreasing rate; it was at this point SCP-8384-1 collided with a Foundation Ion Drone. After 18 seconds, the remaining signatures began accelerating at a new vector. Extrapolation of these vectors indicate they all terminate at one of the solar system's eight largest non-star masses, with an exception of Venus. All but one remaining signature then leave observation, pending further tracking. A signature confirmed as headed to Earth is immediately flagged as the target of an orbital interception and containment team.

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dG -- Dr. Wreath Personal Research Journal Entry**

>  

> *The following is an extract from team member Dr. Wreath's journal. The extract is from an entry dated 07/22/2025.*

>  

> ...Everyone on the team seems happy this is developing further, it looks like we've got something interesting on our hands. I'm glad the loss of drone 1 seems like pure bad luck, as Axford was pretty let down by that second mission, at least the confirmed destruction part. I heard from one of her subordinates (I guess that'd describe me now) that she's seen some pretty bad stuff, pretty bad entities. Based on all the info that just came in on other sub-anomalies, we're ready to call them all 8384-1 if the one we found matches whatever Intercept pick up...

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dH -- Sub-Object #8384-1**

SCP-8384-1 is a group designation for a specific type of autonomous machine. Instances are oblong, 3m in length, constructed from base materials similar to those of human spacecraft. Instances are equipped with various devices proven to be photosensitive, sound-sensitive, and kinetosensitive; other equipment has been theorized to be sensors for various geological analysis. Instances are also equipped with ion-based and atmospheric thrusters. All known instances of SCP-8384-1 exited from SCP-8384 on 07/18/2025, and targeted major celestial bodies for an unknown purpose. All power, propulsion, and any other researched systems of SCP-8384-1 appear to be non-anomalous, though of super-human and hyper-optimized design. Their origin beyond emergence from SCP-8384 is unknown. For discriminating documentation, instance designations are to be appended with the location in which their initial vectors terminated. 

An internal transmitter was discovered inside SCP-8384-1-Earth, and radioanalysis confirmed at time of containment it had been active. Decryption or other interpreting of the signal is currently inconclusive, however one hexadecimal pattern was identified as the series "21.045, 78.12, 0.941" The incomplete series deciphered from SCP-8384-1-Earth appeared to be listing ordered percentages of elements in Earth atmosphere . Rather than disabling the transmitter, agents contained the instance within a Tech Inhibition Chamber while in transit to Site 380. SCP-8384-1-Mars exhibited evasive movement before being captured in a basic mobile container and brought to a Foundation colony site.

**ADDENDUM A8384dI -- Dr. Axford Personal Research Journal (Paper Volume) Entry**

>  

> *The following is an extract of Team Lead Axford's journal one day before the 8384-2 Event.*

>  

> Whole team's tryna theorize, no assumptions

> **But** everyone's thinking the same thing

> Wormhole opens up, light only goes one way, we send probes, "they" send probes

> Hoping impact was an accident, hoping "they" aren't hostile for once

> Alex joking about "a kind anomaly" cynical bastard

> Apparently: Martian site captured their 8384 1, think it was observing them

> Apparently 2: Martian probe ~~transmitions~~ transmissions focused **toward** wormhole

> Bad feeling

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dJ -- Dr. Wreath Personal Research Journal Entry**

>  

> *The following is an extract of Dr. Wreath's journal one day before the 8384-2 Event.*

>  

> I had a conversation with the team lead late last night. She seemed off, and I asked. Apparently one of Ewing's "cynical" comments rubbed her the wrong way. We talked about it, and I think I understand the source of the vibes I've been feeling around here. Back at 92 we're general purpose, semi-low risk. We've never even had a Keter, mostly just categorizing wacky items and goofy creatures. After a while the anomalous becomes mundane to you, just as bad or good as anything else in life. I had an anomalous friend. But these people here, they spend their careers staring out into the abyss. Even for those just pouring over data it seems like things get cosmic horror pretty quickly. To the Weird Astronomers, an SCP is something cruel and incomprehensible waiting out there in the darkness. Half of them manage to keep some hope up pretty well regardless. Axford says I'll be their good luck charm, help them catch a shark instead of a kraken. I like her.

>  

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dK -- SCP-8384-2 Emergence, Beginning of 8384-2 Event**

>    

> 

> ++ Incident Report

> 

>  

>  

>     **Class:** Foundation Uninvolved, Interplanetary

>     **Date:** 07/27/2025

>     **Casualties:** None

>     **Involved anomalous:** SCP-8384

>  

> On 07/25/2025, multiple Foundation observatories and orbital telescopes observed seven signatures, confirmed to be corporeal masses, exit from SCP-8384. Upon emergence, all seven signatures already held velocities leading to planets and planetoids inhabited by SCP-8384-1. The only untargeted instance was SCP-8384-1-Mars. Estimates put each signature at 100m in diameter, and the first of their arrivals was predicted to be Saturn. Site 380 Director Elio Costa immediately acquired Overwatch Command authorization to contact the Global Occult Coalition and begin collaborative strategy. Before he did so, the GOC contacted him, claiming they had also detected the large signatures. After receiving an 02 Clearance report, they searched the GOCDb for gravity fluctuations matching SCP-8384. This produced only one result, from a mundane star system in the Andromeda galaxy. Both the SCP Foundation and GOC launched unarmed and armed probes to intercept the earthbound signature.

>  

>> *##maroon|Note: After probe contact with the secondary wave of emergents from SCP-8384, the group designation SCP-8384-2 is assigned to them.##*

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dL -- Dr. Axfords Personal Research Journal (Paper Volume) Entry**

>  

> *The following is an extract of Dr. Axford's journal several hours into the 8384-2 Event.*

>  

> Alex was right, business as usual

> We got the report so whole team knows what they look like

> Saturn sub-objects converging on 8384-1-Saturn's location yet director won't evacuate our 8384-1 or personnel

> If GOC aetherjets can't do shit what will -> nuclear?

> "Not a serious threat to humanity"

> Monsters at the gate and the coffee machine is broken

>  

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dM -- Sub-Object #8384-2**

SCP-8384-2 is a group designation for a specific type of autonomous machine. Instances are armoured, 5m in length, with design principles and materials similar to SCP-8384-1; their silhouette resembles termites. Instances have been observed to travel interplanetary distances in swarms of 45, specifically toward instances of SCP-8384-1. Upon contact with the majority of non-anomalous substances, SCP-8384-2 will be observed consuming said substance, processing it internally. SCP-8384-2-processed materials will be deposited in group "store" piles. Sub-object's origins beyond emergence from SCP-8384 are unknown.

**ADDENDUM A8384dN -- Site 380 Evacuation**

>    

> 

> ++ Incident Report

> 

>  

>  

>     **Class:** Foundation Involved

>     **Date:** 07/28/2025

>     **Casualties:** GOC ██████ in its entirety

>     **Involved anomalous:** Mobile Task Force ███-█ "███████", GOC ██████, GOC ████████

>  

> After multiple simultaneous attempts to intercept and disable a cluster of SCP-8384-2 instances failed, the cluster continued to enter Earth atmosphere. After being contacted by 05-█, Site Director Costa announced the immediate L1-Evacuation of Site 380. The SCP-8384-2 cluster touched ground 3km from Site 380. Instances immediately began "consumption" behaviors as observed on contact with planets, planetoids, and moons closer to SCP-8384 than Earth. While processing matter, instances moved rapidly toward Site 380.

> After instanced began small-scale invasion of Earth, orbital telescope feed confirmed new behaviour of SCP-8384-2. In Saturn airspace and on Saturn satellite bodies, a subgroup of instances were recorded huddling into structures around processed material. When these structures dispersed, material volumes had decreased, and 9 previously unrecorded instances were present. 05-█ subsequently raised Site 380's Evacuation Level to L3, instructing Skeleton Crew Df3801 to begin priming of the site nuclear device. 4 GOC-assisted Foundation MTFs were deployed to destroy all SCP-8384-2 instances on Earth.

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dO -- Unused [REDACTED]**

>    

> 

> ++ [REDACTED]

> +++ xM - Preparatory (Canceled)

> 

>  

> After being informed of a GOCDb match to SCP-8384's gravitational fluctuations, Foundation surveyings of the Andromeda galaxy were re-analyzed. Re-analysis indicated that in the 11 year period after the match's timestamp, the encompassing solar system dimmed in signature. Focusing deep space telescopes on the affected area revealed that the star had progressed naturally, however 97% of orbital mass including 4 documented planets was entirely absent.

>  

> 

> Subsequently, 05-█ contacted ██████ at ██████. ████████████████████████████

> ██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████

> ████████████████████████████████ ████████ ████████████████████████

> ██████████████████ SCP-███, "A ████ at the beginning of time, a ███ at the 

> end of the world." █████████████████████████████ [REDACTED]  ███████████████████ ███

> ███████████████ ██████████████████████████████████████████████████

> ████████ ████████████████████████ Department of Decommissioning.

> █████████████████ 05-█ and 05-█ ███████████, but ████████████████. 05-█ then announced to ███████ that "█████████████████ at a conceptual level," amending that "█████ ███████ time in the sun." ███████████████████████ ██████████████ on Earth.

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dP -- Site 380 Evacuation Audio Log**

>    

> 

> ++ Transcript 

> +++ Evacuation Subteam Omega Vehicle Interior Mic

> 

>  

> *(The sounds of the evacuation vehicle crossing rough terrain are audible. Additionally, continuous detonations and gunfire from Foundation engagement with SCP-8384-2 can be heard outside.)*

>  

> **Site Security Officer Quaid** : Just- *(He grunts)* hold on tight, we're gonna get out of here just fine

>  

> **Researcher Ewing:** Fuck man, doesn't really feel-

>  

> *(A large explosion and the sound of warping metal is heard, after which the ride's ambient noise contains more metallic scraping. Both Researcher Wreath and Junior Researcher Alder both yell during the impact.)*

>  

> **Ewing:** *(Audibly winded)* It's a good thing we're not- *(He catches his breath)* -in a city. You know, Honey, I actually hoped these fuckers would be nice for once. You believe that? *(He begins laughing, but is overtaken by a cough)*

>  

> *(Senior Researcher Axford replies after a pause in which deep SCP-8384-2 screechings can be heard. Her breathing is less frantic than the other evacuees, the unsteady calm indicating shock.)*

>  

> **Axford:** I used to think kindness would be universal.

>  

> **Ewing:** I used to think I'd visit another planet, now they'll all be eaten by robot fucking ants. C'est la vie.

>  

> **Wreath:** Not Mars.

>  

> **Ewing:** What?

>  

> **Wreath:** They're not attacking Mars, maybe that team caught their '1 faster - before it started signalling.

>  

> **Axford:** Maybe... *(She pauses for two seconds, during which a projectile whistle is barely audible.)*

>  

> **Axford:**  Or maybe-

>  

> *(A uniquely loud explosion peaks the microphone, and the sound of the evacuation vehicle rolling continues after. During the vehicle's roll, noise consistent with SCP-8384-2 grows until a second impact. All occupants are silent for twenty seconds.)*

>  

> *(Wreath begins to call out to Axford, becoming unintelligible multiple times.)*

>  

> **Axford:** Wha- Wreath? Oh, no... *(choking up from distress)* Alex...

>  

> **Wreath:** Oh God.

>  

> **Axford:** Don't- Don't look at him, Wreath.

>  

> **Wreath:** The junior.

>  

> *(Axford makes a shocked sound, and both she and Wreath can be heard stumbling out of the vehicle. The mic struggles to pick them up from then on.)*

>  

> **Axford:** Can ###?

>  

> **Wreath:** ###

>  

> **Axford:** Can ### run?

>  

> **Wreath:** I think? ### we go?

>  

> **Axford:** *(After a distant explosion)* Back to the site.

>  

> **Wreath:** ###

>  

> **Axford:** We have to, ### make it far out.

>  

> **Wreath:** ### me.

>  

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dQ -- Site 380 Video Log**

>    

> 

> ++ Transcript 

> +++ Site 380 Surveillance System

> 

>  

>  

> **Gate 4 Security Cam:** In the top left corner of the recording, half of an SCP-8384-2 instance is visible, and the quantity of airborne particulate indicate multiple instances are assaulting the site. The presumed group are consuming the materials of the north-west corner. From the north-east, both Senior Researcher Axford and Researcher Wreath come into frame, keeping low as they approach Gate 4. Axford's head is bleeding. The senior researcher is focused ahead of her, however Wreath's gaze shifts repeatedly toward the SCP-8384-2 as they move. The pair disappear into site grounds.

>  

> **Interior Cam 18:** The structural integrity of Site 380 has deteriorated. Both researchers appear running down Corridor Ground-9, stopping before a collapsed section. Though the site surveillance system does not record audio, vibrations are visible in the footage, frequently intensifying to resemble seismic activity. Stabilizing herself against the wall, Axford leads Wreath round a corner deeper into the site and out of view. Thirteen seconds later, an SCP-8384-2 instance burst from the corridor ceiling and begins consuming the floor.

>  

> **Interior Cam 39:** The pair are deeper into the site now. They walk slowly down Corridor Sub3-12, and both exhibit extreme signs of unease. Axford looks underneath the camera to its current blind spot. She then covers her mouth with one hand, and reaches back with the other; Wreath takes her hands in his. They continue into the Site 380 Containment Wing.

>  

>> *##maroon|Note: Post-incident interviews revealed one of the first SCP-8384-2 to enter Site 380 began a store pile underneath Interior Cam 39. This store pile was predominantly organic matter, including multiple Skeleton Crew Df3801 personnel.##*

>  

> **Interior Cam 36:** Inside the containment wing, the pair are attempting to navigate an atrium connecting multiple hallways. The main obstacle is a battle in the center of the atrium: an SCP-8384-2 is engaged with SCP-███, which is growing as fast as the machine consumes it. To the far side, another instance is attempting to consume SCP-███, whose shell it cannot damage or fit in its mandibles. The researchers make a dash to the stairwell nearest.

>  

> **Interior Cam 50:** At the far end of Corridor Sub6-5 Wreath is holding back Axford with an arm, and the two are stood still observing the events ahead of them. Closer to the camera, Skeleton Crewmember Ishimoto is pushing himself away from an approaching SCP-8384-2. One of the man's feet is missing, and he is desperately attempting to draw something on a miniature whiteboard. His eyes are closed. Axford then turns away, covering Wreaths eyes and appearing to speak in his ear. As the instance readies to consume him, Ishimoto brings the whiteboard into its and the camera's view; he has drawn [DATA EXPUNGED]. 

> The [DATA EXPUNGED] appears to have no effect on the machine As SCP-8384-1 and -2 systems are nearly entirely explained, no evidence implies instances contain a soul. , which begins to consume him. This process causes him to open his eyes and flail, leading to eye contact with the whiteboard. After perceiving [DATA EXPUNGED], Ishimoto exhibits significantly more distress than was caused by the machine consuming his lower torso. He drops [DATA EXPUNGED]. [DATA EXPUNGED] proceeds to fall for longer than would normally be expected - rather than making contact with the floor, it continues as if the floor is much larger and further away than reality Witnesses of [DATA EXPUNGED] type entities describe them as phasing "past other objects, while still being visible on top of them." . At approximately ten metres, the whiteboard falls below camera view.

>  

> Axford turns back toward the SCP-8384-2. She points toward a stairwell between them and the  instance, and Wreath shakes his head. The Senior Researcher looks at him, appearing to speak, and they begin hurriedly approaching the instance. The machine continues to consume Ishimoto's corpse and the corridor shakes. Wreath and Axford secure each other from falling, then increase their speed toward the stairwell. As they reach it, the instance jerks its abdomen to consume the last of Ishimoto, shocking Wreath into a fall. The momentum of his run brings him on his side in front of the SCP-8384-2, and he cowers from its mandibles. 

> Axford looks to him, the stairwell she stands by, the containment cell beside the instance, and then Wreath again. Pulling out her clearance card she jumps to the cell locks, swiping the card and struggling to open the ██████ alloy door. At the same time, the instance begins lowering its mandibles toward Wreath. Axford manages to open the door, and a mild shaft of light pours from the gap. Everything the light touches - specifically a section of the floor, a section of the wall, the instance, and a safety guide poster - dies.

>  

> **Interior Cam 54:** The pair are huddled outside of Experimental Containment Chamber Gamma. They are close enough for footage to make out their eyes darting, shifting focus between three SCP-8384-2. These instances are all attached to the containment chamber, attempting to consume it. It is unknown how long they had been attempting this, but they continue despite inflicting no clear damage to the chamber. The pair move slowly toward the chamber, eyes fixed on the instances ignoring them, staying close together. The hatch is already swung open, with a number of construction notices taped to its inside. Wreath steps inside. Axford puts her hand on the hatch, and looks up at the SCP-8384-2 instance hanging over her. Its mandibles spark and bend slightly against the chamber frame. Axford, still looking up, swings the hatch closed in front of her. She taps her card against it and moves away, turning into an unsteady jog past camera view.

>  

> **Containment Cell G4 Internal Cam:** SCP-8384-1-Earth's containment cell is pitch black. A sliver of light appears as its door is pressed inward, growing as the room is illuminated by outside light and dust flows in. Honey Axford staggers through the door and comes to her knees before SCP-8384-1, looking around the cell and noticing the internal camera. She steps up to the terminal for the sub-object's Tech Inhibition Chamber and the wall behind her suddenly bulges. The woman jumps, looking to the door with a terrified expression. She slots her clearance card into the control terminal and begins to input commands as the camera shakes and a number of mechanical legs pierce into the chamber. A panel from the ceiling falls and nearly lands on Axford, but she continues to work the terminal. A blinking red light appears on its screen, and Axford hovers her fingertips over the keypad. She turns toward the camera, revealing she has been speaking aloud, then says one inaudible sentence directly to it. Her fingertips descend, and the cell's internal power disconnects.

>  

>  

**ADDENDUM A8384dR -- Post-SCP-8384-2 Event Documentation Extract**

>    

> 

> ++ Multi-Incident Event Report

> +++ "#8384 Sub-Object #2" File 7

> 

>  

> After the spontaneous deactivation of all known SCP-8384-2 instances on earth, 05-█ belayed the remote preparation for Site 380's nuclear termination. They then halted preparation for Earth specific [REDACTED], shifting resources to non-[REDACTED] methods. GOC-assisted MTFs continued with the decommissioning of instances throughout their dormant state. When the remaining SCP-8384-2 reactivated, they abandoned all store piles and attempted to fly back out of Earth's atmosphere. Only one instance was able to escape aerial engagement into space, and was promptly destroyed by Orbital Site 4. Analysis indicates before destruction it was headed toward 

> SCP-8384.

> 26 unevacuated or skeleton crew Foundation employees were recovered from Site 380 during the night following its invasion, including Senior Researcher Honey Axford. She directed responders to an experimental chamber in the containment wing, from which her subordinate Dr. Wreath was recovered. At the same time as onsite rescue, interplanetary SCP-8384-2 termination efforts began. One week later, when these were completed using a modified [REDACTED], SCP-8384 vanished It should be noted that SCP-8384 vanished as the last "2" sub-object was destroyed, with multiple functional "1" sub-objects remaining. . The anomaly's vanishing produced minor gravity waves, and no other traces of it have been recorded.

>  

> Following the SCP-8384-2 event, Director Costa expressed intent to demote Axford to Junior Researcher, and motioned for an investigation into her conduct. 05-█ overrode Costa, instead transferring Axford to Assistant Director at Site 380. Her potential promotion to Site Director following Elio Costa's retirement is under Overseer Council review. Axford's first act after her transfer was offering Dr. Wreath a permanent position at the site, which was promptly declined.

> The demanifestation of SCP-8602 lead multiple researchers to propose the anomaly be reclassified, after it had "been Neutralized for a year". 05-█ rejected this proposal in favor of 4 additional years of observation. Their reasoning centered around a hypothetical entity or group of entities, who "will probably want to check us out."

>  

>  

>> *##maroon|Note: Both Dr. Axford and Dr. Wreath have been reminded that though Foundation Personal Research Journals are personal and unregulated, researchers are heavily encouraged to follow guidelines and stay on-topic.##*

>  

>  

>  

---

<< [SCP-8383](SCP-8383) | SCP-8384 | [SCP-8385](SCP-8385) >>

> **Filename:** 54504638522_e0bfac9557.jpg

> **Author:** NASA, ESA, STScI, Yuhan Yao (UC Berkeley), Joseph DePasquale (STScI)

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://live.staticflickr.com/65535/54504638522_e0bfac9557.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** Hubble image
