=====

=====

[Excerpt from the Log of Anomalous Items]

**Item Description:** A collection of 12 antique wooden doors and their frames. If a subject enters one, they will always come out another. There is a slight increase in chance that a subject will exit a door closer to one they entered.

**Date of Recovery:** 26/07/202█

**Location of Recovery:** Antique store in G████, Illinois. Estimated to have been removed from a now demolished house built around 1930.

**Current Status:** ~~In storage.~~ In containment.

Note: After Incident 8839-A, this object has been reclassified as SCP-8839. Please make sure you discover *all* anomalous properties of an item before storing it. - Site 130 Director Gellenburg

---

<details>
<summary>+ Press to view related file</summary>

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:**  SCP-8839-1 through SCP-8839-12 are to be stored separate from their individual door frames. Under approved testing, no instance of SCP-8839 is to be opened without another instance within 14 meters of the opened object. In the case of a containment breach, creation of an SCP-8839-0 instance, or discovery of an SCP-8839-0 instance, all discovered instances of SCP-8839-0 are to be completely destroyed with the assistance of [MTF Psi-7 "Home Improvement"](mtf-psi-7-home-improvement-hub).

**Description:** SCP-8839 is a collection of 12 various antique wooden doors,

For example, SCP-8839-4 appears to be a set of French Doors.

 designated as SCP-8839-1 through SCP-8839-12. When an instance of SCP-8839 is opened, it will randomly ‘connect’ to another instance of SCP-8839. The instances will remain connected as long as one side is open, allowing subjects and objects to pass through, effectively teleporting from one door to another. However, if there are no other instances of SCP-8839-1 through SCP-8839-12 within 14 meters of the opened instance, it may connect to any nearby door, including non-anomalous doors. The range of this effect is unknown, but appears to heavily prioritize doors within 100 meters. Non-anomalous doors that an instance of SCP-8839 connects to retain the anomalous abilities of SCP-8839 after closure and are designated as SCP-8839-0 instances. SCP-8839-0 instances do not appear to prioritize the original 12 objects, even when within 14 meters. 

As long as the door entered is unlocked, any locks on the door exited are ignored. If an instance of SCP-8839 has installed windows or a method of seeing through to the other side, the viewing area will appear perpetually foggy while closed.

**Addendum 8839.1:** Incident Log 8839-A

11/08/202█

Two months after the initial discovery of SCP-8839, Foundation researchers started conducting routine tests on the objects. The objects were mounted to rolling door frames so as to be easily manipulated around the testing room. During this, tests pertaining to the relationship of the distance between the objects with the exited instance were conducted.

The Foundation was not aware of SCP-8839's ability to create SCP-8839-0 instances at the time.

**{{Note: Footage from security cameras and body-cams, along with first-hand accounts were used to piece together the following timeline of events.}}**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**{{15:32:45}}** Researcher Dereck Tubus moves SCP-8839-1 13 meters away from other instances of SCP-8839 lined up against a wall. Tubus enters 8839-1 and emerges from 8839-5. Tubus then moves 8839-1 a total of 14 meters away from other instances of 8839 and steps inside. Tubus does not emerge from the other instances.

**{{15:34:02}}** Exterior security cameras catch Tubus emerging onto the site’s docking bay, wheel around in confusion, before scanning his security card and re-entering the bay door.

Main lobby security cameras catch an elevator door open, and for 3 frames Tubus’ foot can be seen falling inward into the open shaft before the elevator door closes again.

**{{15:34:14}}** Other personnel stationed inside the research chamber testing SCP-8839 panic. Researcher Darren Cliff opens SCP-8839-1, which connects to the break room on the second floor of the site. He calls for a door stop and props 8839-1 open before entering through to the break room.

**{{15:34:20}}** The secretary positioned at the main lobby desk goes over to the elevator to investigate the sound of Tubus’ scream. The elevator door opens into a private meeting pertaining to ████████████.

**{{15:34:23}}** A group of four personnel enter the bay doors only to end up in SCP-████’s containment chamber. They scramble out in a panicked state, the first two ending up in a hallway on the third floor, another into the main lobby, and the last into a moving elevator containing two other personnel.

**{{Note: At this point too many instances of SCP-8839-0 are being created to legibly track, so from this point non-relevant events have been omitted}}**

**{{15:35:36}}** Two D-Class personnel fall out of the community fridge on the third floor. One tries to reopen the fridge in confusion, but instead opens a bathroom stall occupied by Director ██████████.

**{{15:37:58}}** An official containment breach is declared and back up is called. The loudspeakers in the building begin repeating: “DO NOT OPEN ANY CLOSED DOORS. DO NOT CLOSE ANY OPEN DOORS. CONTAINMENT BREACH.”

**{{15:49:32}}** MTF-Beta-98 arrives over the site in a helicopter. A confused researcher enters through the helicopter doors and is accidentally terminated by a startled MTF agent. MTF-Beta-98 attempts to repel down onto the site but end up repelling down the main elevator shaft, at the bottom of which they discover an unconscious Dereck Tubus.

**{{17:34:12}}** Site-130 loses power on all floors. 

**{{18:20:02}}** The backup generator is enabled.

**{{19:53:00}}** In an attempt to escape from Site-130, researcher Darren Cliff opens the main lobby doors and emerges out of the bathroom door of Sun Country flight ███ from M█████ to P█████, this event set the record for the longest distance that an instance of SCP-8839 has traveled, an estimated 27.2 kilometers.

This is the only recorded instance of SCP-8839-0 outside of Site-130. This is likely due to the site’s remote location in the █████ desert.

**{{23:20:57}}** Additional MTF squadrons arrive at Site-130.

**{{11/9 6:05:20}}** Tents are constructed outside Site-130 to treat wounded and temporarily house anomalies during reconstruction.

**{{6:07:35}}** SCP-8839-0 instances start to affect flaps of the tents, tent flaps are tied open in response.

**{{11/10}}** It is discovered that SCP-8839-0 instances can be temporarily disabled by breaking or unscrewing their hinges when complete destruction is not feasible.

**{{11/11}}** 90% of personnel and anomalies trapped inside Site-130 have been extracted.

**{{11/13}}** All known remaining instances of SCP-8839-0 are destroyed.

[END LOG]

**Addendum 8839.2** Summarized Damage Report of Incident 8839-A

The containment breach caused by Incident 8839-A was fully contained after six days of work, but due to serious reconstruction costs, Site 130 did not return to full functionality for a month. Of the thirteen personnel deaths directly connected to SCP-8839, seven were related to elevators.

</details>

<< [SCP-8838](SCP-8838) | SCP-8839 | [SCP-8840](SCP-8840) >>

> **Filename:** Old doors for sale - geograph.org.uk - 933800.jpg

> **Name:** Old doors for sale

> **Author:** michael ely

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [wikimedia commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Old_doors_for_sale_-_geograph.org.uk_-_933800.jpg#file)
