=====

=====

**Item Number:** SCP-8837

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8837 is to remain in its chamber at Site-737. The chamber is to be monitored at all times and all access controlled remotely. Audio recordings are to be archived for identification purposes. No personnel are allowed to enter SCP-8837's chamber alone.

Cleaning of the chamber is to be conducted weekly. Personnel are to be equipped with OPAQUE-TypeMirrored Hazmat suits designed to obscure any identifiable features of the wearer including scent, fingerprints, and height. suits and ear plugs. All identification is to be left outside of the chamber prior to entry. Bulb replacement for SCP-8837 is to be conducted by a Ð-ClassÐ-Class or ð-Class (Dauðr-Class) are thaumaturgically reanimated corpses used for tasks that require limited motor function. upon failure. 

While in the containment chamber, personnel are forbidden from verbal acknowledgment of one another or themselves. Should this occur, personnel are to cease maintenance and exit immediately. If visual monitoring identifies umbral inconsistency,Movement of a shadow or a shadow with no reference object. the chamber is to be sealed and personnel inside are to be considered lost.

---

**Description:** SCP-8837 is a clay table lamp lacking any external power source. Installed light bulbs illuminate normally before burning out at irregular intervals.Bulbs have remained illuminated from periods ranging from 13 hours to 5 months. While illuminated, SCP-8837 produces a distortion in the shadows present in the chamber. This distortion is consistently described as an open, depthless cavity projected on the wall opposite to SCP-8837. 

The shadow will remain inert until either of the following conditions are met:

* A new bulb is installed in SCP-8837.

* An individual provides an identifying feature while inside the chamber. 

When only one individual is present in the chamber, the shadow will enlarge to the size of the containment chamber, engulfing the individual. Upon its return to an inert state, only the person's attire will be left in the chamber. 

When more than one individual is present, SCP-8837's shadow remains unresponsive. If an identifying feature is provided, the shadow will engage as previously described. Engagement with additional occupants is believed to be incidental.

SCP-8837 continuously exudes a viscous, maroon fluid. DNA analysis has confirmed this organic slurry is composed of biological tissues and fluids. Samples are to be collected during cleaning for identification purposes. 

SCP-8837 infrequently emits vocalizations matching those of lost personnel as well as over ████ unidentified individuals. These vocalizations are fragmented and believed to be an attempt to mimic speech. 

---

**Addendum 8837.01:** SCP-8837 was initially created by the Department of Thaumaturgy to map incorporeal planes. Following its occupation, the Department has ceased non-corporeal exploration. Dr. Sierko Vennan was promoted to Project Lead following the disappearance of Thaumaturgist Kane Larkin.

= ##black|{{INTERNAL MEMO}}##

---

##black|**Site:** 737##

##black|**Department:** Thaumaturgy##

##black|**Subdivision:** Nullspace Cartography##

##black|**Project Lead:** Sierko Vennan##

##black|We developed SCP-8837 as an entrance point, "to better understand pocket dimensions and map incorporeal spaces." It was supposed to be supplemental research for [Site-120](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-120). I don't know what else Larkin was up to, but that was the goal. I guess we never considered it could be used as an exit by something else.##

##black|As far as what came through, I don't know. Based on its behavior, I don't think whatever is occupying SCP-8837 is overly complicated. Predatory? Yes. Intelligent? I'm not convinced. While troubling, it's manageable. With regard to containment, here's what we know:##

##black|* It's an ambush predator.##

##black|* The voices and bulb are trap techniques.## 

##black|* Identity acts as its "scent."##

##black|I initially thought the inaction around multiple targets hinted at self-preservation. However, after it took Vitteroni and Thorson, it seems more likely it's hesitation. When it can't distinguish prey, it waits for a scent.##

##black|As for the voices, the usage does not reflect comprehension. It's parroting. We tried playing recorded voices into the chamber and they have yet to appear in the audio log. This suggests it can only mimic those it has consumed. How or when it got the others is still a mystery. Replacing the bulb is the easier path to a *natural order* if such a thing even exists.##

##black|I don't expect to find answers in myths or cryptozoology. It isn't from here. Whatever it is, we got lucky in one aspect. It's trapped. Whether that is by the constraints of our reality or its own behaviors I don't know, but I suggest we not push it. If it doesn't get its fill, I worry it will seek new hunting grounds. I don't want to imagine what that would mean.##

##black|Sometimes the abyss stares back, and sometimes it just needs to eat.##

@@ @@

##black|***Sierko Vennan***##

---

##black|Further consideration: D-3499 did give us one valuable insight. Knowing living sustenance is not required provides an opportunity that may extend beyond this anomaly. We've been working on an updated management system for expired D-Class. Considering its implications, I will forward the details separately.##

---

**Addendum 8837.02:** The following is provided for historical documentation. It is the most up-to-date record of lost personnel as well as individuals with no Foundation affiliation. Identity is confirmed by vocal and/or organic analysis. Junior Researcher Julia Lutzsen will serve as RAISA Liaison in ongoing recordkeeping.

| Personnel | Vocal | Organic |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Thaumaturgist Kane Larkin | > X | > |
| Lead Researcher Gwynneth Reardon | > X | > X |
| Junior Researcher Michael Vitteroni | > X | > X |
| Custodian Amari Richards | > | > |
| Custodian Lucas Gribbs | > X | > X |
| Custodian Patricia Little | > X | > |
| Security Officer Karl Thorson | > | > |
| D-2117 | > | > X |
| D-3499 | > | > X |
| D-5770 | > | > |
| D-14873 | > X | > X |
| D-16882 | > | > X |
| Ð-001 | > | > X |
| Ð-002 | > | > |
| Ð-003 | > | > |
| Ð-004 | > | > X |
| Ð-005 | > | > |
| Ð-006 | > | > |
| Ð-007 | > | > |
| Ð-008 | > | > |
| Ð-009 | > | > X |
| Ð-010 | > | > X |
| Ð-011 | > | > |
| Unaffiliated Persons |
| Musician Joel Bentley | > X | > |
| Speleologist Anna Lynn McCormick | > X | > |
| Aviator Ashley Cardigan | > | > X |
| Artist Nakamura Mio | > | > X |
| General Irving O'Connelly | > X | > X |
| Podcaster Lance Burton | > X | > |
---

> **Filename:** Darkness under the Lamp.jpg

> **Author:** Sadimanna

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Darkness_under_the_Lamp.jpg

<< [SCP-8836](SCP-8836) | SCP-8837 | [SCP-8838](SCP-8838) >>
