.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

**Item #:** SCP-8952

**Object Class:** Euclid 

**Special Containment Procedures:** No maritime vessels, save for those possessing select military charters, are permitted to attempt approach or contact with SCP-8952. All other naval crafts are to reroute a minimum of 12 nautical miles from the anomaly's last known location. Observation is to be conducted through remote, unmanned platforms equipped with reality-insulating recording arrays. 

Joint stewardship of SCP-8952 is provided to both the SCP Foundation in addition to the Israeli Sea Corps. As a strategic concession to prevent interference with more pressing Foundation Operations in the region, particularly those requiring stability or collaboration with Israeli military assets, no personnel without explicit authorization are permitted to impede neutralization attempts of SCP-8952 by the IDF. This includes attempts at assault, boarding, augmentation, or erasure, regardless of international law or the presumed presence of civilian life. 

**Description:** SCP-8952 refers to a class of maritime anomalies manifesting intermittently in the international waters off the Eastern Mediterranean Sea. The majority of iterations have taken the form of various mid-to-large-sized civilian ships. Rarely are two sightings identical. Some vessels bear a resemblance to known civilian or humanitarian aid vessels, but contain mismatched or obscure details corresponding to no verifiable records. Despite this, several observers frequently report overwhelming familiarity or deja vu upon viewing a manifestation, and oftentimes cite names, places, or historical events that cannot be substantiated. 

 Upon manifestation, SCP-8952 instances may remain visible for a period of up to 72 hours, during which they will travel southeast before disappearing within 5 miles of the coastline. From a distance, SCP-8952's presence appears stable. However, vessels entering within a five-mile radius of SCP-8952 have been shown to experience rapid hume destabilization, with stronger effects in closer proximity. Visibly, this results in rapid "phasing" of SCP-8952 between transparent and opaque states. The item has proven impossible to approach without reality-stabilizing augmentation, and further resists attempts towards documentation, classification, or tracking as determined through traditional means. 

The use of Scranton Reality Anchors (SRAs) for observing or potentially contacting SCP-8952 at close ranges remains an active possibility, but has been blocked due to political arrangements regarding Israeli-Foundation relations. 

 

### Discovery Log 8952-1

 

**Recovered Livestream:** Civilian Aid Vessel Al-Huda

**Participants**

 * Dr. Leena Barakat, 56, Human Rights Attorney, Palestinian-American 

 * Robert Cascante, 37, Maritime Activist & Nautical Expert, Chile

 * Ashley Miller, 17, Social Media Liason, London 

 * 14 additional activists from various countries 

<BEGIN LOG> 

*Camera activates, with the footage wobbling before stabilizing. Ashley's face comes into view, and behind her, the Al-Huda's deck is packed densely with crates with different labels: "Medical supplies", "Blankets", "Flour", etc. The sunset glimmers over the ocean in the background, bathing everything in a golden light.*

**Ashley:** Stream is live, Leena, if you want to give me your proclamation. (*Whispering to the camera.*) She's so cute, she's been practicing it all day. 

*Dr. Barakat stands in front of the camera, but seems to look past it.*

**Dr. Barakat** We are broadcasting the Civilian Vessel Al-Huda. This vessel is Gaza-Bound, attempting to approach the strip through international waters. Our presence and efforts are both compliant with international law, as we attempt to break the ongoing, illegal siege of Gaza that has been in place since June of 2007. As further commanded by international law, we are entirely unarmed. All seventeen crew members are civilian activists. We carry only aid and ourselves on this ship.

*Ashley and Barakat give one another thumbs-ups, and Ashley resumes walking around the ship. Cascante pops into frame.*

**Cascante:**  Just so you folks know, we've officially run out of space on Al-Huda. I'm currently sleeping on crates of bar soap next to boxes of hummus and crutches! 

**Ashley:** For the record, I offered to let him sleep in the plushie pit. 

**Cascante:** Try giving out stuffed animals that you've live streamed an adult man sleeping on for four days. 

**Ashley:** Oh and is the soap any better?

**Cascante:** At least it's packaged! Regardless- donations received FAR exceeded the boat. 

**Ashley:** We told everyone we had room for love, not bulk freight- and people sent us both!  

*Gesturing to Ashley, Cascante guides the camera to a particular pile of crates filled with notebook, binders, and writing utensils individually packaged in mesh bags.*

**Cascante:** This was one of my personal favorites. A number of teachers around the world pitched in to make school kits for Gazan children- many of the notebooks have messages and prayers from other students around the world. There were so many touching stories like this, and we were overwhelmed with just how much support and help we got.  

**Ashley:** Someone asked in the chat what happened to the extra stuff. Don't worry, the additional aid we got has been safely stored for future flotilla expeditions. 

**Cascante:** Whatever happens to us, our friends and comrades will try to  make it to Gaza again. 

*The pair are interrupted by cheering coming from behind them. They turn to see Dr. Barakat balancing on the ships' starboard, her hands trembling as she raises a Palestinian flag onto the mast of the ship. She turns back to address her fellow activists.* 

**Dr. Barakah:** This is why we do it. Not to provoke, not to perform. But to persist. (*She raises her fist.*) Here's to our arrival. 

**Cascante:** Our arrival! 

**Ashley:** Chat is asking if we can do chants again. 

**Cascante:** Let's give the people what they want! 

<details>
<summary><Chant hidden for brevity></summary>

[Archived recording of the chant still available on various online platforms](https://www.reddit.com/r/Fauxmoi/comments/1ma2g49/passengers_of_the_handala_freedom_flotilla_chant/)

**Ashley:** Everywhere we go- 

**All** Everywhere we go- 

**Ashley:** People wanna know- 

**All:** People wanna know- 

**Ashley:** Who we are- 

**All:** Who we are- 

**Ashley:** We are Al-Huda

**All:** We are Al-Huda

**Ashley:** The mighty mighty Al-Huda

**All:** The mighty mighty Al-Huda

**Ashley:** Going to Gaza- 

**All:** Going to Gaza- 

**Ashley:** To feed the children! 

**All:** To feed the children. 

**Ashley:** HudaHudaHudaHudaHuda HEY! 

**All:**  HudaHudaHudaHudaHuda HEY! 

**Cascante:** FREE, FREE, FREE PALESTINE! 

**All:** FREE, FREE PALESTINE! 

**Dr. Barakah:** FALASTINE HURRAH HURRAH! Translating to "Palestine to it's own accord, to it's own accord." Often used as the Arabic equivalent to "Free Palestine" 

**All:** FALASTINE HURRAH HURRAH!

</details>

 

*The boat breaks into cheers as several activists hug or hold hands, before dispersing. Ashley turns the camera to a handprinted banner reading "YOU CANNOT BLOCK HOPE".*

*The Al-Huda continues sailing uneventfully for a long period of time, with a large portion of the livestream redacted for brevity. Transcription resumes at around 2:34 AM. Cascante, Ashley, and Dr. Barakah are huddled on the stern of the boat, pointing to the horizon.* 

**Ashley:** They're still there. I'm not sure if you can see them. 

*The camera zooms to the horizon. Three equidistant blue lights appear hovering just above the sea level, each surrounded by a sharp halo.*

**Ashley:** They've been following us since Cyprus. There's no signature coming off of them. No radar, no radio, nothing. We've had several drones pass over us uneventfully, and some awful nice sailors radioing us to say "Free Palestine". These lights don't look like they're another boat or drones.  

**Dr. Barakat:** I should disclose that we've attempted to contact the blockading navy several times to declare ourselves. They responded to the first time, but haven't picked up since. 

**Ashley:** Huh, I wonder why they don't like us. 

*From the bridge, Cascante calls out.*

**Cascante:** Hey, I think we're going in the wrong direction? 

*Ashley and Dr. Barakah climb in to join him.* 

**Ashley:** I'm sorry? 

**Cascante:** We're about three nautical miles south of where we originally charted. At some point, the GPS rerouted and we didn't recognize it. 

**Dr. Barakah:** So where are we going, exactly? 

**Cascante:** Based on our current trajectory? (*He pauses.*) Cairo. 

**Ashley:** Wait, they can do that? Just sabotage the equipment from however far away? 

**Dr. Barakah:** I don't know how readily we can accuse them of blocking our navigation, but I'm fairly certain that it would be considered an act of maritime interference. 

**Amina:** Looks like we're still broadcasting, but I can't see the chat or comments anymore. 

**Dr. Barakah:** Whatever you do, don't stop recording. Log it as long as you can. (*To the camera.*) We have nothing to hide, and we won't start now. 

*Behind the boat, the three blue lights appear brighter than before. Overhead, there is the sound of a drone whizzing by.* 

**Ashley:** Are they trying to board us? 

*Cascante taps the mic aboard the ship, tuning the frequency.* 

**Cascante:** Cairo Coastwatch, this is the Civilian Aid vessel Al-Huda en route to Gaza. We are being diverted and pursued from our intended course, and seek refuge in Egyptian waters.  Requesting permission. Please confirm- repeat- please confirm. 

**Egyptian Coastwatch:** Al-Huda  .. [STATIC] Wait [STATIC[ Denied. Repeat, confirm [STATIC]

**Cascante:** Do you want to try talking to them in Arabic?

*Dr. Barakah hesitates, but complies. Following four lines of dialogue are translated from Arabic to English.*

**Dr. Barakah:** I repeat, this is the Al-Huda, callsign Quebec Alpha Zeta Charlie. We are operating legally under international maritime law, and we are registered and approved as a humanitarian aid vessel. We request acknowledgement, and safe passage through your waters. 

**Egyptian Coastwatch:** Al-Huda [STATIC]

**Dr. Barakah:** I repeat, this is the Al-Huda , we are carrying essential aid, including baby formula, to the people and children of Gaza in compliance with interna-. 

**Egyptian Coastwatch:** Maritime advisory, hold position. [STATIC] Do not proceed. [STATIC] Advisory- [STATIC] Stand by. 

**Dr. Barakah:** (*Turning off the mic.*) Cairo is stalling. They're not going to say yes or no, and that's time we don't have. 

**Cascante:** Low visibility alert. 

*He points towards the window, and the camera pans to follow. Outside, there is a thick mist settling around them.  It clings to the glass, giving the fog an almost tangible appearance. However, unlike normal mist, the opaque haze does not roll nor move- instead, it is unnaturally still. The ocean is quiet, save for the soft hum of the boat.* 

**Ashley:** Behind us- 

*In the distance, the three blue lights have started to grow more intense.* 

**Cascante:** Turn off the lights. 

**Dr. Barakah:** We just said we didn't want to stay hidden. 

**Cascante:** From the blockaders, yes. But this? We don't know who- or *what* this is. But your call, Leena. 

*Dr. Barakah closes her eyes, pauses, then nods. With several metallic clicks, the ship goes dark, leaving the moonlight and mist as the only source of illumination.*

*A moment later, one of the blue lights grows more intense, until it breaks through the fogline, revealing itself to be a ship. The hull aboard the new boat is devoid of markings. There are no names, flags, nor features aboard it. On the deck, several shapes shamble about.* 

**Cascante:** What... are those? 

*Ashley zooms the camera into the hull, before focusing on one of the figures. She yelps and jumps away.* 

**Ashley:** They- they don't have faces! 

**Cascante:** Are-are you certain? 

*There is the sound of a zipper opening. Cascante steps towards the bow, binoculars in hand. Four seconds later, he backs away- his face pale.* 

**Cascante:** Whatever those things are- they aren't human. 

*Ashley holds the camera back up to the bridge's window. Above, there is a whirring sound as presumably another drone flies by. It becomes visible from the window, and hovers over the Huda  and second boat. The drone approaches the second boat- only to begin distorting. The propellers spaghettify, growing then decreasing in size. The drone itself seems to curve upwards- then downwards- until it becomes a squiggly line spreading across the visible sky. Twisting in on itself, the drone crunches into a small black dot, hovering in mid-air, before it disappears with an audible pop.* 

**Ashley:** W-We can't stay here. 

**Dr. Barakah:** But still, we were given so much by the world. We have to deliver it, no matter the cost. 

**Cascante:** And we can't go backwards. The only thing we can do is full speed ahead. 

*Behind the Al-Huda two additional ships break through the fog. The banner reading "YOU CANNOT BLOCK HOPE" on the stern of the boat begins to flicker, the letters slowly distorting as the blue-light ships get closer and closer.* 

**Ashley:** It sees us! It has no eyes and it sees us- 

**Dr. Barakah:** Full speed ahead, Robert! 

*The boat revs to life, and lurches forward- escaping the mist. Still, the three blue lights linger behind, returning to their equidistant configuration.*

**Ashley:** Guys- the banner- 

*Behind them, the banner on the stern reads something different: "UNSEEN IS SAFE, SEEN IS ERASED".* 

**Dr. Barakah:** *Ya allah-* Arabic equivalant of "Oh God-"  

**Cascante:** Ashley, cut the feed.  

<END LOG> 

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** Junior Researcher Marwa Khouri

**From:** Dr. Ali Amar

**Subject:** Hypothetically: 

---

I want you to give me thoughts on a hypothetical scenario: pretend we picked up residual scans of a phased-out vessel 9 km from the blockade line. Assume we have a tether, Type IV SRAs, and an augmented speedboat that won't disintegrate into mist. Now, let's say I also, hypothetically of course, needed someone discreet, smart, and tech-savvy, with the skillsets capable of monitoring this operation-

Could you be that someone? 

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. Ali Amar

**From:** Junior Researcher Marwa Khouri

**Subject:** Hypothetically: 

---

I see this as a serious mistake- a huge one, on your behalf. But, hypothetically, if that ship is still there, and the people aboard are who I think they are, then I'll help.

I have just one request: assuming you come back safely, promise me you'll give me something bigger to do next time. SRAs. Fieldwork. Something real, outside of mission control or redacting chat logs. You're the only one who notices I can do more than just watch cameras and audit supplies. Just guarantee that if you return unscathed, you'll give me a real chance. 

</details>

**Exploration Log 8952-3** 

 

**Foreword:** Following the partial reappearance of SCP-8952, Dr. Ali Amar initiated an unapproved field investigation. Dr. Ali Amar commandeered an SRA-outfitted speedboat from a private Foundation port in Northern Egypt. He proceeded towards Gaza with guidance from Khouri. Onboard cloaking devices, combined with the destruction of tracking systems, permitted Amar to remain undetected for 7 hours until he reached within 100 meters of the Huda which activated an automatic proximity response system aboard his vessel due to a substantial drop in hume levels. 

*Amar's body camera comes online as the proximity response system activates. A low hum fills the bridge from the SRAs bolted to the engine. Khouri's voice comes from the radio.* 

**Khouri:** All anchors reading stable. Ensure you don't exceed 15 knots; otherwise, we risk losing integrity. I don't want to have to fish you out.

**Amar:** Copy. 

 

*Amar kneels on the bow, and pulls up a pair of padded straps over his chest before clipping the harness onto the deck-mounted recoil system. He checks the coil feed at the base, ensuring his line is pulled taut.*

*Out in front of him, a distant silhouette has begun growing darker and larger as it materializes through the fog. It flickers, one moment transparent, the next, unmistakably real. Piles of cargo are visible on the deck, tied down with tarps and tape. On the stern, a Palestinian flag hangs loosely behind the boat, flapping in a breeze unfelt by the ocean. Several banners still hang alongside the hull, but the original text on all of them has been replaced by a single phrase: "UNSEEN IS SAFE. SEEN IS ERASED."* 

**Amar:** Is that the Huda?

**Khouri:** It's signature matches what we pulled from the archive. This is Al-Huda. Or rather, what's left of it. 

**Amar:** *Wait-* I can see something moving aboard it. 

**Khouri:** Scans of the ship reveal seventeen biometric signals aboard SCP-8952. 

**Amar:** I'm going up. 

**Khouri:** Amar, be careful. I'm picking up roughly twenty more signatures per boat. 

*Pausing and looking around, the camera captures a single blue light flickering in the distance, far behind SCP-8952.* 

**Amar:** They don't seem to be interfering for now. 

**Khouri:** I'll keep an eye on them.

 

*There is a soft scrape as Amar's boat pulls up beside SCP-8952. He deploys the boating ramp and places it aboard the Huda's hull. Camera jerks upward as Amar climbs, then jumps onto the deck. The ground beneath his feet solidifies, even as the boat continues phasing in and out of existence. To his left, there is a scream. Amar turns to face two figures.*

**Ashley:** WHO ARE YOU? WHO THE HELL ARE YOU!? 

**Cascante:** Oh my god- GO BACK! GO BACK! LEAVE! 

**Dr. Amar:** Where is she? I'm not leaving without her. 

*More of the ship around his feet continues solidifying.* 

**Khouri:** Be careful, Amar. Hume levels are unstable. 

 

**Cascante:** You don't understand- you're dragging us back. We're hiding for a REASON! What you're doing here is putting us all in danger. Please- we'll all be safe once you go. 

**Ashley:** We're just five miles from the coast- we almost made it.  You're going to get us all KILLED! 

*There is a quiet and steadier voice from behind Amar. Aged, but patient.*

**Dr. Barakah:** Ali, you came. 

*Amar turns. Barakah flickers. Her skin is see-through, and her image shimmers, like a mirage.* 

**Amar:** What did you expect of me? You shouldn't be here. No one should be here. 

*He reaches for her. She pulls back.* 

**Barakah:** No, Ali- this is exactly where I need to be. This is exactly where I *want* to be. 

**Amar:** Was this your plan? Abandon me and Baba? Playing hero in a burning world, while you leave your family to the flames? 

**Barakah:** *Habeeby...*

**Amar:** Did you even plan on coming back? 

*Silence.* 

**Amar:** Did you all come here to die? 

**Barakah:** There are laws to ensure that activists aren't- 

**Amar:** Laws? LAWS? All this death and destruction that *our people* face,  decade after decade, and you still think that the law has merit? 

**Barakah:** Either we force them to let us help, or we show the world what barbarians they are. 

**Amar:** You think the world didn't see before? You think the world cares? 

*Quiet. Barakah sighs. Amar attempts to hold her hand, but she jumps away.* 

**Amar:** You got lucky. You escaped. You get to tell the story elsewhere now. Save lives a different way. You don't have to go back. 

**Barakah:** I have certain skills. Certain training. I have a certain purpose that Allah gave me when I left Palestine, and it would be selfish for me not to fulfill it.  

**Amar:** And what about me? 

**Barakah:** What about you, my son? 

**Amar:** Am I selfish to want my mother to be safe? Am I selfish for wanting to fulfill my purpose of making sure my parents are safe? 

**Barakah:** We would have been safe, habeeby. We had... protection. A blessing that would've helped us make it to the shores unscathed. 

*Barakah looks off into the distance. Three blue lights are visible on the horizon once more.* 

**Amar:** What do you mean... had? 

*Barakah looks at Amar's feet. The circle of opaque deck beneath his feet has spread to half the deck of the boat.*

**Barakah:** Perhaps it isn't too late. If you go now, we could still make it. 

**Amar:** I already said I'm not leaving you here. I can't lose you. 

*He jumps forward, grabbing the hesitant Barakah in a tight hug. For a moment, their bodies don't connect, fingers shimmering and chests passing through each other. Suddenly, the boat lurches on the seawaves. In the blink of an eye, Barakah solidifies back into reality. The entire boat has become opaque, and the deck beneath them groans.* 

**Barakah:** You shouldn't have done that. They can see us now. 

*Amar clings to Barakah's shirt.* 

**Amar:** I don't want you to disappear again. Please, just once, stay with me.  

**Barakah:** We had a mission we came here for. We all knew the risks. We didn't want it to end this way, but- we were okay if that's how it was supposed to be. Let us at least try to finish. 

**Amar:** I have a boat just down there. We can leave together. 

*Barakah shakes her head and climbs up, walking to the starboard of the ship. The mist surrounding them has cleared, and off in the distance, the soft silhouette of land greets them.* 

**Barakah:** Do you smell that? 

**Amar:** What is it? 

**Barakah:** Palestine. 

*They look out across the water silently. Beneath them, a stream of bags and bottles drifts out from behind the boat, drifting towards Gaza. Barakah silently walks towards the stern, and Amar sheepishly follows.* 

*At the back of the boat, Cascante has gathered several activists. They are throwing crates, bottles, and bags into the ocean- anything that can float in water. Ashley is the only one sitting, curled up in a corner with her phone in her hand and tears in her eyes as bottles of formula fly over her head. She whispers as she waves at the phone.* 

**Ashley:** I love you, Dad. 

**Cascante:**  We thought maybe if some of this cargo floats, it might make it to Gaza. 

**Barakah:** They might hit us with some sort of littering charge for this. 

**Cascante:** You think they're going to let us live? After we made it this close? 

*In the distance, coming from the land, there is the sound of whistling. Everyone looks up to see a pair of bright yellow streaks, arching through the sky.* 

**Barakah:** I suppose that's our answer. 

**Amar:** Mama- MAMA- 

**Barakah:** You need to leave, habeeby. 

**Amar:** I'm sorry- I'm so sorry- please, PLEASE! Come with me- 

**Barakah:** They saw me already. 

**Khouri:** I'm pulling you out, Amar. 

*A loud whistling fills the air. Amar grips Barakah's hand as muffled screaming is heard. Amar is torn away from Barakah's embrace by the recoil system. Her final words are heard clearly.*  

**Barakah:** *I love you.*

*Amar lands in the sea, some meters away from his boat, which has drifted a safe distance away from SCP-8952. He resurfaces, and climbs back onto his vessel- before turning to the Huda. There is a bright flash as it is struck. Light distorts around it, and sizzling is heard through the bodycam. Then, in a second flash, the ship disappears. Amar screams.*

**Afterword:** Dr. Amar was recovered unconscious and unresponsive, but otherwise without injury. SRAs aboard his vessel suffered severe mechanical failure inconsistent with non-anomalous weaponry. The Huda livestream resurfaced for 43 seconds, depicting a featureless adolescent humanoid waving at the camera. Several seafarers within the area also reported viewing four otherwise undetectable blue lights out on the horizon, drifting in an equidistant configuration.

Upon remission, Amar will answer to the [Department of Continuity.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/department-of-continuity-hub) 

<< [SCP-8951](SCP-8951) | SCP-8952 | [SCP-8953](SCP-8953) >>
