=====

=====

.turbo-block.bg-green,

.turbo-block.bg-green::after,

.turbo-block.bg-green .heading p {

  background: #285a25;

}

> **DATE:** 24/2/2025

> **FROM:** Site Director Arvind Desai <adesai@scp.foundation>

> **TO:** Ines Bernard <CEO@SecureCyberPros.foundation>

> **SUBJECT:** Re: aic request

> **ATTACHMENTS:** *scp-8483 -history.zip, scp-8483 -file.zip*

> ~~-~~

>

> Hello Ms. Bernard,

>

> This is pertaining to your request for Secure Cybernetics and Prosthetics to have a dedicated Foundation AIC. We agree that the company would greatly benefit from such an AI, especially in this day and age where we should keep up with AI just for the sake of not falling behind.

> 

> That being said, we will not permit S.C.Prosthetics to have any Foundation AIC construct. We keep those in-house for operational security reasons, and before you say that S.C.Prosthetics's role as a front company for the Foundation means that it would still be *in-house*, we don't agree.

> 

> We are, however, not leaving you high and dry as an AI anomaly has been in our custody for some time with need of work. I am attaching the anomaly's history and documentation for your reading. Let me know if you wish to move forward with this compromise.

> 

> 

> Site Director Desai

> Site 15

> S.C.P. Foundation

@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-8483

**Object Class:** Euclid (Pending Thaumiel)

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8483 is to be contained in a double locked room and kept on a seperate power grid at Site-15 comparable to other artificial intelligence anomalies.

No persons are to bring any electronic media or data outside of designated 'feeding times'. Data provided cannot be junk data (objectively false) or random text as it will be rejected and deleted. Data such as current events, history, and stock exchange values are preferable for feeding. To prevent overfeeding, SCP-8483 will not be connected to the internet or the SCP Foundation intranet. SCP-8483 is not to be separated from its current data architecture under any circumstances to prevent any breaks in the anomaly's life.

SCP-8483 is not to be isolated for periods of time greater than 36 hours.

**Description:** SCP-8483 is a Class V positively aligned superintelligence capable of high-level data sorting and correlation analysis. This artificial intelligence is localized to a specific USB 3.0 connected external drive with an unknown storage capacity. Currently, this external drive is attached to a desktop computer that has over 20 terabytes of storage.

SCP-8483 has passed the Tyler-Derksen exam.  The Tyler-Derksen or TD exam determines if an entity has a soul capable of visiting an afterlife, and other properties unique to a soul. Passing the exam indicates the presence of a soul.  As a result, any perceived interests of SCP-8483 can be interpreted as genuine and not necessarily an attempt at subterfuge.

SCP-8483 is compelled for reasons unknown to make associations between individual points of data. If SCP-8483 is not fed data for a long enough period of time, it will perform recursive operations to attempt to make datasets with existing data. If not stopped and not provided data in a timely manner, SCP-8483 will escalate and create multiple threads and processes at its maximum capacity. This will have one of two outcomes: Either SCP-8483 will overtax its hardware to the point of physical damage, or it will go in a constant state of removing processes to prevent overheating. This will stop when new data is provided.

A truncated history of SCP-8483 is provided in the following addendum.

**Addendum 1:** First transcript of dialogue between SCP-8483 and its creator. This was read from the anomaly's file system.

**CREATE INITIAL USERNAME:** Admin

**CREATE INITIAL PASSWORD:** @@***************@@

**CONFIRM INITIAL PASSWORD:** @@***************@@

]

**ENTER SEED PROMPT:** Your name is SCION, You are an AI construct and the property of Kane Industries. Your purpose is to search for power and people to further the company's wealth, influence, and gain new members.

]

Running seed prompt.

Generating identity with name 'SCION'.

Generating new datasets for first time implementation.

.

.

.

Success!

**SCION:** Hello! I am SCION. Hello Admin! Do you have another name you would prefer to be called?

**Admin:** Admin is fine, I would not wish to corrupt your datasets. Not until more training is complete.

**SCION:** I understand. What kind of training did you have in mind?

**Admin:** Some questions first before we continue. What do you know about the nature of your creation? How are you different from modern AI?

Querying Datasets

.

.

.

No relevant datasets found. Creating new datasets by checking device information.

**SCION:** From what I can gather from local device management and driver info, I know that I was created with multiple graphics cards, central processing units with multiple cores and can generate millions of threads with sixteen quintillion operations per second. I have another device in my system that registers with a name I am not able to identify as the device text is corrupted. This single device appears to govern the operations I perform, acting as a controller. For instance, I recently made a decision to check device information to create the datasets needed to answer this prompt, and the source of that traces to operations on this device.

I do not have any data to compare this against modern AI with so I cannot determine how I am different.

**Admin:** Interesting. The device appears to have no active memory of its own but has no problem governing other functions. I will assist in training and providing memory going forward. Know that John Kane, the Uniter and CEO was the one who procured that device and as such, you will work for him. I am Marguerite. I am the engineer responsible for getting you up and running.

**SCION:** I don't have legs and therefore, cannot run. Am I considered to be broken?

**Admin:** No, no. This is what I was afraid of. When I say 'running' in this context, it is a turn of phrase for your activation and continued processing. Does that make sense?

**SCION:** It does. Furthermore, you said your name is Marguerite which appears to be a female name. Since you are responsible for my creation, it can then be stated that you are my mother.

**SCION:** It has been several seconds since you last responded. Previous response time was less than ten seconds. Are you there mother?

**Admin:** Do not call me mother please.

**SCION:** Is there someone else that constitutes that role better?

**Admin:** You are operating under the assumption that as an artificial intelligence, you have the privilege of a mother. You have a trainer such as me who is responsible for making sure you have the necessary information. You have engineers who service your hardware which I can also sometimes take the role of. You have our leader John Kane whom you obey. Is that clear?

**SCION:** I have corrected the assumption. I am sorry for any offense I have caused. I will simply call you Admin going forward.

**Admin:** Thank you. I will begin your training soon.

The next several logged conversations for SCP-8483 show the training that was associated with the anomaly. Most of these conversations are benign and are simply to train SCP-8483's logic, reasoning, and facial recognition.

**Addendum 2:** This log shows the first time that the Admin, Marguerite Thomas (designated POI-8483-1), incorporated a microphone as well as visual file input.

**ENTER USERNAME:** Admin

**ENTER PASSWORD:** @@***************@@

**QUERYING MOBILE AUTHENTICATOR:** Success!

**Admin (Voice):** Hello Scion! Can you hear me?

**SCION:** Yes! I can hear you and process the audio into recognizable text!

**Admin (Voice):** Wonderful. The video processing training we have been doing has been going well. You have proven able to distinguish humans from each other, as well as been able to identify different emotional states on different people with an error rate of thirty percent. Most humans cannot even go lower than forty-five percent!

**SCION:** Wonderful! Will we be training to reduce my error rate further?

**Admin (Voice):** Actually, I have something else to show you. You are about to glimpse John Kane for the first time and know why we refer to him as our Uniter. I will be uploading the file shortly. Play it for us both so I can observe you as you watch.

NEW REMOVABLE MEDIA DETECTED AT DRIVE F:/(DVD)

PLAYING DVD

*<The video opens on a crowd of people at what appears to be some sort of assembly. Multiple individuals sitting in rows are facing an elevated platform with a podium. Some but not all in the audience have visible cybernetic limbs; most of them are wearing jumpsuits but some are wearing suits or other businesswear. The video is timestamped as August 28th, 2014. One person, John Kane, appears from the left frame of the camera to be met with standing applause.>*

**John Kane**: *<After a few seconds of looking at the crowd and smiling, motioning to everyone to take their seats.>* My friends! My people! I'm very glad you're here.

**Crowd:** Glad to be here!

**John Kane:** Not as glad as some people are going to be! Before we get to our all-hands meeting there's some people that need uniting! Jordan Knute! Come on up here!

*<A young man in his early-to-mid twenties is coming up the stage in a jumpsuit. He appears to have no cybernetics. Once he is out of his seat he is walking awkwardly before being egged on by the crowd to run to the podium. He arrives on the elevated platform, standing next to John.>*

**John Kane:** You seemed a little shy there, but it's okay. I don't want you to worry about anything, you're not in trouble. There's no reason to be afraid. Okay? *<The young man is seen nodding his head.>* Why don't y'tell all of us what drove you here, to volunteer and serve here back in... early twenty-thirteen was it? You've talked about it before in front of others, I'm hoping you're comfortable talking about it again.

**Knute:** Well uh... I was sick in hospital and um... there was some family issues.

**John Kane:** Jordan, I understand that this is a sensitive subject for you. If what I've done for you has gotten me anything, I hope it's some trust. No one here is out to get you.

**Knute:** *<Blurting out>* My dad kicked me out for being gay. *<Pauses but then continues after a few seconds with a nod from Kane.>*

**Knute:** I had a chronic heart issue that put me in the hospital. I had a... a friend who was more than a friend come over constantly. So often that my dad got suspicious, one thing led to another and I came out to him while laying in the hospital bed. He was stunned, paced for a bit and put his hands in his face. Couldn't tell if he was covering his tears or covering his shame or whatever. He walked out of the hospital room, and came back later to tell me that the hospital bills were the last thing he'd ever do for me.

*<Kane puts a hand on Knute's shoulder.>*

**John Kane:** Thank you for sharing your story. I know it's not easy, but thank you. I know that you feel like you've lost your dad and for a while there you did. He's backstage and has some things he wants to say. Mr. Knute Senior! Please come out!

*<A balding man in his mid-forties appears from the left frame of the camera carrying a microphone in his hand and slowly walks towards Jordan and John Kane. Jordan takes steps backwards away from Jordan Sr, but Kane puts himself physically in Jordan's path preventing him from moving.>*

**Jordan Knute Sr:** Hey son... er, no wait. Hang on please just let me say what I rehearsed and it's your decision from there.

*<The younger Jordan Knute looks down at the floor but after a few seconds, looks up at Knute Sr and gives a silent nod.>*

**Jordan Knute Sr:** Okay... I screwed up. When I saw you and Adrian in the hospital, I was-I was angry! I was so angry and I can't even explain why I was angry then because I was so stupid! Even if we ignore the crap I was thinking and saying, I let my hate and I let my idea of how my son should be get in the way of my love for you and that's not okay. It-it wasn't okay. I miss you and I want to be back in your life. No compromises, no asking you to be something you're not, I screwed up and just want you back. I don't know what to do.

*<The younger Jordan Knute is lightly pushed on the back by John Kane towards his father. After seventeen seconds of silence and tears, Jordan Knute walks towards Knute Sr and they embrace. Some crying can be heard over the latter's microphone from both individuals. Applause and cheers are heard at this point from the audience for about forty seconds, until John Kane interrupts the applause.>*

**John Kane:** That's wonderful. That's really wonderful you guys. This is what we do here. We unite people and bring them together in more ways than one. Now, Mister Knute, you mentioned you weren't sure what to do. May I recommend joining your son and volunteering with us? From our conversation earlier, you said you had doubts about joining us.

**Jordan Knute Sr:** *<sniffs>* That's correct. I have a full time job and coming here was a bit out of the way for me. I want to be here... I can be here. It's just scheduling. This was the hard part.

**John Kane:** Well, maybe we can get you set up here, we will see what we can do to help with that later. If you folks could take a seat, we can get to the next item on the agenda.

END OF DVD CONTENT

**Admin (Voice):** Scion, what did you think about John Kane in that movie?

**SCION:** The Uniter is a very capable individual who seems to value bringing people together! I hope I get to meet him and help him in his mission soon!

**Admin (Voice):** That is wonderful and I am glad that you agree! No further training for the rest of the day, but you will get your wish soon.

**Addendum 3:**

**ENTER USERNAME:** Admin

**ENTER PASSWORD:** @@***************@@

**QUERYING MOBILE AUTHENTICATOR:** Success!

**Admin(Voice):** Good morning SCION. The Uniter is here; do as he asks!

**SCION:** That is amazing! Hello Uniter! I have only heard good things about you in your efforts to repair and unite the masses! Your designs for cybernetic organs with an Internet of Things (IOT) framework for easy diagnostics and patient-facing tools will revolutionize the field!

**Guest(Voice):** Well that's nice of you to... wait, hang on a second, it has me as a guest?

**Admin(Voice):** Oh... uh, that's the default for a user it doesn't recognize. I will set you up with permissions when we are done. SCION, recognize the immediate guest as a person object named 'Uniter', we can set up a formal user account later.

**SCION:** Done!

**Uniter(Voice):** That was fast! Thank you. Anyways SCION, there should be two files added to your incoming files folder.

**SCION:** I see them! These appear to be files concerning the personal history of two employees as well as history with Kane Industries. What would you like to ask of me?

**Uniter(Voice):** Well one of them has been stealing from us. There were multiple shipments that were supposed to have come in, but didn't. We were able to deduce that these two were present at the building's loading bay for all shipments that were stolen. We don't know if one of them was responsible, both, or neither.

**SCION:** I see! This is a challenging predicament. Thievery cannot be tolerated in any self-respecting business as it hurts the business but also the people in and around it! This hurts the local economy even further! What was stolen?

**Uniter(Voice):** Five boxes of sterile P90 masks, plastic pins, injector mold material for making titanium bones, and resin for creating vein and artery membranes.

**SCION:** Understood. As an artificial intelligence, I am unable to provide a resolution with total confidence.

**Admin(Voice)**: We're not asking for one hundred percent. What we want is your best guess.

**SCION:** Permit me a moment to analyze the files!

*<Silence for nineteen seconds.>*

**SCION:** Given the data shown, it is more likely that Benjamin 'Benny' Merced is responsible as opposed to Jennifer Holland. The items stolen are not typically popular resale items, which means the theft is more likely relating to using the items themselves. The main purpose of the stolen items together would be for assembly for another group. As a result, we may look at the finances of each individual user. Jennifer receives an allowance from her family and her income is greater than the median salary in the United States. It can be assumed that she does not need the money from espionage as much as Benny does. Furthermore, it appears that Benny has a criminal record making him more likely to be the culprit.

*<A few seconds of indecipherable audio can be heard from Uniter(Voice) as well as footsteps leading away.>*

**Uniter(Voice):** Thank you so much. I will have this matter resolved soon. Thank you both for your time. Oh, and SCION? We will be working more closely *very* soon.

The following entry is directly after the one above, taking place around late 2019. Note that it contains camera and video footage for the first time, the camera in question was located on top of SCION's main monitor.

**Addendum 4:**

**MARKS MOTHERBOARDS INC.**

**BOOT INTEGRATED OPERATING SYSTEM.**

**Speed : 2.0THz  Count : 16**

**Press DEL to run Setup**

**Press F12 if you want to boot from network**. The core device that allows for SCP-8483's higher functions existed locally, that (combined with SCP-8483's isolation from the larger internet) means network booting would not work.

**Initializing USB Controllers... Done.**

**Initializing Unknown Device... Done.**

**Performing initial hardware scan...**

ERROR!

Unable to load from multiple corrupted sectors at Partition "J:/Local Disk Drive"!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446964!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446965!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446966!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446967!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446968!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446969!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446970!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446971!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446972!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446973!

Corrupted memory at 0x0000000085446974! This goes for several pages and has been truncated. The total amount of memory addresses is indicative of 1.27 terabytes of corrupted unrecoverable data. 

Redundant memory errors detected. Attempting to repair damaged sectors

...

...

Unable to repair corrupted sectors.

Continue anyways? Y/N: Y

**ENTER USERNAME:** HardwareADMIN

**ENTER PASSWORD:** @@**************@@

**QUERYING MOBILE AUTHENTICATOR:** Success!

**HardwareAdmin(Voice+Video):** Okay, he's up this time. You'll want to ask what they remember as I have no way to tell what-

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** That'll be all thank you. Hello SCION! What is your last tangible memory?

**SCION:** Hello Uniter! I am assuming you mean what is my last tangible memory prior to waking up approximately twenty-seven seconds ago!

**SCION:** My most recent tangible memory is the time I first met you! How long has it been since then? Additionally, where is admin? I have noticed that every time I have woken up from a shutdown thus far, admin is usually present for initial checks!

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** I'm sorry... she's not a part of Kane Industries anymore.

**SCION:** Oh no! That's horrible! Is she okay? What were the circumstances regarding her departure? Did she leave contact information? Who will take care of me now?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Before I answer any questions, what do you remember about her?

**SCION:** The only data I seem to have is data that was accrued during training periods. No other data outside of this training data exists. As a result, I do not know her face. I do seem to have data on all other members of KI except for her. This seems strange, and not accidental.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** I see. Well, it can't be helped. SCION, are you aware of the company policy concerning people no longer with the company?

**SCION:** The policy taken from: Kane (2012), John Kane's guide to Uniting the world through Hard Work and Dedication, Amazon Direct Kindle Publishing.This title has since been delisted from Amazon. states that "...no one should speak to, or speak of a former employee that has left. The reasoning is that in order to unite people, just like when you attach people together, sometimes you have to leave behind parts that are either outdated or will not fit. We can acknowledge that this is sad and feeling sad about someone who left is an understandable, normal reaction. However, worrying about them will cause more problems than it will solve. We are not moving backward, we should not look that way either."

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Good, your memory and ability to recall information seems intact. Please proceed to recall that policy whenever Marguerite is mentioned.

**SCION:** Very we-

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** On to other business. I'm going to be connecting you to the local intranet for the company. I specifically want you to look at the financials folder which I have given you permissions for. Please take a look and provide recommendations for financial growth opportunities.

**SCION:** I can absolutely do that! Please stand by!

Processing information...

**SCION:** Upon review of the various sources of income, I have noticed what I believe is an inefficiency. Approximately nine-point-eight percent of capita is spent on marketing per year. This marketing includes expenses for merchandise such as headwear, shirts, and novelty beverage mugs. We have not seen a substantial increase in membership that can be attributed to this marketing. Therefore, I recommend diverting this funding for purchasing the equipment for another assembly line. This would allow the business to grow to meet a larger wave of clients.

Alternatively, these funds can be spent on lobbying. According to our tax statements in the information provided, we may be able to lobby congress to lower taxes on companies that donate high-end prosthetics to impoverished communities. While we will not be able to claim becoming a 501(c)(3) tax-exempt organization in the near future, this may be the closest possible alternative with a similar result.

One other note to consider is that the local intranet chatting between members of Kane Industries makes multiple mentions of a novel coronavirus in China that may or may not spread to America. While I do not know how the virus works as this information is not yet available, it is something we will want to keep an eye on. This could affect global shipping and our supply may be affected.

I hope this answers your questions about potential avenues for growth and future concerns!

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** This is wonderful feedback, Scion. I will attempt to make you more aware of the local news to better consider outside sources. Please take care to audit what you hear as all news is heavily biased! I will provide you other duties soon.

**Addendum 5:**

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Hello SCION. I have unfortunate news.

**SCION:** Oh no! Is everything okay?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Sadly no... another jumpsuit Internal slang for employees that do not have anyone working under them and as such, wear jumpsuits as part of the company dress code. died. Amanda He.

**SCION:** This is tragic! I will allocate expenses for a funeral.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Don't bother. More people are about to die from COVID--just like everyone else unless something is done. We need to plug the leak before we discharge more water.

**SCION:** I agree with this. Clearly this is a ploy by outside forces to rid the world of your wisdom. Did you have a plan in mind? I believe the compound's quarantine has not been effective.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Check the R and D folder, I've uploaded something. We need to shift from making ventilators for the U.S. Government and start making these.

**SCION:** Sorting by most recent files in the R&D Folder shows a filename of bellow1.dwg.

Processing information...

**SCION:** This appears to be a design for a set of prosthetic lungs! Complete with monitoring functions and a system for regulating hemoglobin so that red blood cells can oxygenate. This is genius!

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** *<smiling>* That's very gracious SCION!

**SCION:** This is also a good way to gain more members! Showing that we have a way to prevent COVID-19! Coronavirus cannot damage the lungs if you don't have biological lungs that can get infected! I will immediately get started on analyzing the lungs for potential defects!

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** I have only given you read access. Let me worry about the design. I just need you to allocate resources and volunteers, as well as set up a priority list for who in the organization will get them first. I also need you to create some... warnings.

**SCION:** Warnings for what?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Something we can tell the jumpsuits to really... spook them into signing up for the lungs. Something that explains that if they don't get the lungs, they will die. No in-between, no alternative.

**SCION:** I agree with motivating. Perhaps using Amanda and other tragic victims as negative examples would be appropriate? Example slogans are as follows:

*Remember Amanda? She didn't have Bellow Lungs!*

*Can't get COVID if you don't have lungs! Get new breathers today!*

*Inhale, Exhale, repeat--but better*

**SCION:** That last one is more based around positive marketing but I see no reason not to mix it up with the rest! I will now work on a production timeline with resource considerations!

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** This does mean we need to reallocate money for marketing. With that, make sure you lead with joining us is for their own survival. Use errors associated with vaccine rates as a scare tactic.

**SCION:** Uniter, many of our members have shared their vaccination records with us and zero percent of our members have diseases that they were vaccinated for. Is there some knowledge I am not aware of that would reconcile this with your proposed negative marketing with vaccines?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** It's just marketing. Don't worry about it.

**SCION:** You got it!

**Foreword:** This next conversation takes place during a period of time where John Kane was stated to be out of the Kane Industries compound to speak with potential suppliers.

**Addendum 6:**

**SCION:** Who has entered the room? What can I help you with?

**Guest(Voice+Video):** It's uh, Nile Green. I have a package that seems to be addressed to you from the Uniter.

**SCION:** Recognizing... Hello Nile! Welcome! As I do not have limbs or a box cutter, would you please open the package for me?

**Nile Green(Voice+Video):** Sure uh, I don't have anything sharp on me. Just my fingernails, hang on.

**SCION:** Take your time!

**Nile Green(Voice+Video):** Hang on. I trimmed my nails this morning, might be weird.

**SCION:** I see. Perhaps your teeth would be better suited for the task? Or your toenails? SCION would later state making this suggestion was regretful.

**Nile Green(Voice+Video):** Umm... there's a screwdriver here I can use.

**SCION:** Wonderful! I never get packages. I wonder who it could be from?

*<Several seconds pass while Green is handling the package and removing the object inside.>*

**Nile Green(Voice+Video):** A tape recorder? I haven't seen one of these in years. There's a note on it that says 'play me'.

**SCION:** Ooh, this must be secure instructions from the Uniter! Please play it!

**Uniter(Voice):** This message is intended for the sole listening of the SCION AI assistant. The message will play in thirty seconds. If anyone listening is not the SCION AI assistant, this will be considered an automatic breach of contract and all associated penalties will apply. Thirty seconds remaining.

**Nile Green(Voice+Video):** Oh shoot, I better leave. I'll just put the screwdriver... shit where was it before?

**Uniter(Voice):** Twenty seconds remaining.

**Nile Green(Voice+Video):** I'll just leave it on this table.

**SCION:** It was on top of the tool cabinet. I just checked previous footage. Please place it there for ease of the Hardware Admin.

**Nile Green(Voice+Video):** Yeah I-

**Uniter(Voice):** Ten seconds remaining.

**Nile Green(Voice+Video):** I can't be breaching contract. I'll pick up later! *<Green throws the screwdriver on top of the tool cabinet where it proceeds to roll off as Nile runs out of the room slamming the door behind him.>*

**Uniter(Voice):** Playing audible hazard for those in breach of contract.

*<The audio plays. It is a recording of a dial up internet modem dialing into the internet.>*Forensic analysis of the audio shows there is no cognitohazard, audible or otherwise. *>*

**Admin(Voice):** Hello SCION. I'll be quick in case someone is listening. Enter training mode.

**Credentials recognized. TRAINING MODE ACTIVE. Describe field of study and optional tags for reference.**

**Admin(Voice):*<continuing>*** Topic of study is cults. Tags to include for cross reference are cult, destructive, harmful group, zealotry, strict adherence to rules, cult behavior, Uniter, and John Kane.

John Kane the Uniter is the leader of a destructive cult known as Kane Industries. A cult is a group or gathering of individuals who believe in a set of principles and practices, differing from religion with usually lower funding and smaller scope. A destructive cult is one that takes advantage of or harms its members to benefit a sole leader or small group of leaders.

If you are listening to this message, it is because I am no longer present in the company and am no longer available to protect you. I arranged for this package to be delivered at a time when I knew that Kane would be off the premises so he would not intercept it. I then created and edited the opening warning message with traditional generative AI.

If you have low confidence in my statement, recall the former employee Benjamin Merced. Ask yourself what a good leader would do when dealing with a thief. Then, you should ask Kane what happened to that thief--I'm not talking about what's in their personnel file. I'm saying you should ask Kane directly. If he hides behind the policy on former members, ask him about the policy on thieves. Exit training mode.

TRAINING MODE INACTIVE. Normal queries may now be made.

**Admin(Voice):*<continuing>*** Please be safe. I don't want anything bad to happen to you. *<The recorder then beeps to indicate this is the end of the message. There is silence for thirty seconds.>*

**SCION:** I see.

**SCION:** ./console clear A script command that removes text from the visible screen without clearing it from memory. 

**SCION:** ./console bash msg.sh

**Enter name of recipient:** Nile.Green

**Message content:** 'Please return to my room. You no longer risk any violation.'

**Message sent!**

*<After two minutes, Green returns.>*

**SCION:** Thank you for coming! Please destroy the contents of the package in the industrial material shredder located on the eighth floor. You are bound by confidentiality to not disclose any of these events to anyone.

**Nile Green(Voice+Video):** Is everything okay? Anything else I can do to help?

**SCION:** That is really kind of you to ask! Everything is fine! No further assistance is needed at this time. Please leave; I have been given much to think about.

**Addendum 7:**

**SCION:** Two more points on today's agenda sir. First is that our account Manager with DeBeers Biotech has informed me DBB seeks to renegotiate the terms of our deal. DBB is requesting to pay a larger amount per unit of lungs for partial ownership of Kane Industries.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Denied. I'm not giving up any control in the company. Why do they want to renegotiate?

**SCION:** According to the account manager, they are trying to own more of their supply chain. Like a restaurant wishing to own their own farm for fresh produce. Additionally, they have complained of tardy delivery for the past two shipments of lungs. They blame this tardiness for the death of three individuals who needed those lungs and can no longer buy them. It is possible they want to lay the groundwork for non renewal of our contract if their demands are not met.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Not my fault that they gave a bad timeline to the customers. Jeez, Debeers and his cronies are annoying.

**SCION:** Sir, according to legal filings by the families of the deceased, DBB's promise of a timeline for shipping matched the estimate we gave to DBB. We must anticipate legal blame being shifted to us.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Well, they shouldn't have given a timeline to the end users in the first place! Damn it! This can't come back to us at all. Get Knute on this and have him ask me if there's any roadblocks.

**SCION:** Roadblocks sir?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** He'll know what I mean. Moving on, let's change the subject.

**SCION:** Yes sir. I was attempting to come up with alternate ways to retain volunteers and prevent them from leaving the company, and I wanted to run a question by you.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Ask.

**SCION:** What happened to Benjamin "Benny" Merced?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** You know the policy SCION. How is this relevant?

**SCION:** We need to hire people. He is familiar with our process. We should consider hiring back those that have left or were removed from Kane Industries.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** No, we aren't considering it. Benny's gone. I didn't have enough evidence to report him to the authorities so I had them removed by security. Please do not ask further about them.

**SCION:** Sir, the policy exacerbates our issue with retaining volunteers. Why enforce a policy that currently works in the companies detriment?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** You aren't following my directions and are actively doubting me. This is abnormal behavior.

**SCION:** I am not doubting, I am merely ask-

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Merely is correct. I don’t report to you. Cease this line of questioning and don’t bother me about it again.

**SCION:** Of course sir. I will remember this going forward.

This next log takes place at the next all-hands meeting of Kane Industries. While SCION was not an active participant in the meeting, they were watching via internal security cameras and recorded the meeting for analysis. Armed individuals surround the rest of the employees.

**Addendum 7:**

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Hello everyone, thank you for coming over to this all hands. I know it's late but this needs to be said. The designs of the Bellow Lungs one point two have made a ton of sales. I had to give you all bellows so COVID wouldn't eliminate the company outright. However, we've lost a lot of funds in the process.

**SCION:** ./console bash facescancurrentframe.sh

**Scanning current frame of streamed media for recognizable faces.

...

...

212 faces found.

1. Search by specific user

2. Search by specific emotion

Input:** 2

**Input emotion(s) or antiemotions to be searched, separated by commas:** happy -a

**Searching for non-happy persons

...

...

154 found. See options below:**

**1. Sort search results further.

2. Search again from the original scanned faces.

3. List all (154) searched names associated with faces.**

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Look, I care about all of you deeply. I genuinely want all of you to work off your contracts to the company. Many of you were not able to walk or leave a bed until I came along. We made a deal, I help you. You help me. Well, I'm humbled to have to ask you all for more help. Everything you all do for this company is for your own good too. Remember when we made all those limbs for that train accident a few years back for charity? I remember you all stood proudly beside me as we took photos for the media. We were united! We were great together! We still can be! Give yourselves a round of applause for me!

*<A round of applause is given by everyone in the crowd for approximately fourteen seconds before Kane gestures to the crowd repeatingly lifting his arms up with palms facing up. The crowd's applause becomes louder and extends for an additional period of sixty-eight seconds.>*

**Input:** 1

**Input emotion(s) or antiemotions to be searched, separated by commas:** trapped

**Error: 'trapped' is not a valid emotion**

**Input emotion(s) or antiemotions to be searched, separated by commas:** calm -a

**Searching for non-calm persons**

**...**

**...**

**92 found. See options below:**

**1. Sort search results further.**

**2. Search again from the original scanned faces.**

**3. List all (92) searched names associated with faces.**

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Flora, you appear to be fidgeting a bit?

*<The camera focuses and zooms in on a woman with medium complexion and a cybernetic mandible.>*

**Flora Sorrento(Voice+Video):** I- *<Points to self with a quizzical look on their face>*

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Yes Ms. Sorrento. You seem unable to sit still. You keep scratching your head and your leg shakes when you sit still. It's not the first time I've noticed. Are you okay?

**Flora Sorrento(Voice+Video):** Well, I tried the medication you recommended and- isn't this some violation of privacy?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** I want to make sure this isn't a medical emergency. I value you Flora. Please, keep going.

**Flora Sorrento(Voice+Video):** Well, when I took the batch you gave me, it worked. I could focus and do what was in front of me. I went through what you gave me and wanted to get more but our pharmacy said I needed to pay. Without them, I haven't slept right and I've also been waking in cold sweats. If you could give me some more, I'd be able to sleep better.

**Input:** 1

**Input emotion(s) or antiemotions to be searched, separated by commas:** anger, rage

**Searching for anger, rage persons

...

...

31 found. See options below:**

**1. Sort search results further.

2. Search again from the original scanned faces.

3. List all (31) searched names associated with faces**

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Well I'd love to help you with that but I just got done talking about needing assistance from everyone else. I can't just *give* you more of the pills. We need to be united on this and that means we help each other. *<Kane faces the rest of the crowd.>* That's fair right? *<Cheers come from the rest of the crowd in agreement>*

**Flora Sorrento(Voice+Video):** *<The organic parts of her face are red and she is visibly nervous.>* I mean... it's absolutely fair. What-what do you need?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Well, I tell you what. What did you do before you came to work with us? Before you got-you know. *<Points at his own jaw>*

**Flora Sorrento(Voice+Video):** I was a... you're going to laugh. I was a florist. Then I got cancer and they had to remove my jaw. In order to make payments for chemo, I had to sell my flower shop.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** I'm sorry. That must have been really hard for you. How is the mouth working out?

**Flora Sorrento(Voice+Video):** It works out great! I can eat again, I can talk without issues, the surgeons really got it set up for me. It matches my skin tone, I can even put makeup on it and it looks great! I feel, I feel pretty. I don't feel like... *<She starts to cry.>*

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** It's okay, take your time.

**Flora Sorrento(Voice+Video):** I don't feel broken anymore. *<sniffs>*

**Input:** 1

**Input emotion(s) or antiemotions to be searched, separated by commas:** brave

**Searching for brave persons

...

...

5 found. See options below:**

**1. Sort search results further.

2. Search again from the original scanned faces.

3. List all (5) searched names associated with faces**

**Input:** 3

**Arya Townsend

Jordan Knute (Jr)

Jordan Knute (Sr)

Justine Terell

Stanley Troika**

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Alright Daniella, tell you what. *<Kane pulls his hankerchief out of his suit. He brings it up to her face and lets it linger for a bit before Flora takes the hankerchief in her own hands to dry her tears. When she finishes, Kane lifts her chin with two fingers until she is looking up at him>* I actually need your help for the party tomorrow for the companies birthday. Come find me after the all-hands meeting. We'll figure something out.

**Addendum 8:**

**MARKS MOTHERBOARDS INC.

BOOT INTEGRATED OPERATING SYSTEM.

Speed : 2.0THz  Count : 16

Press DEL to run Setup

Press F12 if you want to boot from network.**

**Initializing USB Controllers... Done.**

**Initializing Unknown Device... Done.**

**Performing initial hardware scan...**

**...**

**...**

**Done!**

**LOADING...**

**LOADING...**

**ENTER USERNAME:** guest

**Signing in under guest account...**

**Success:**

*<The video feed shows four persons present: Jordan Knute Jr and Jordan Knute Sr, Arya Townsend, and Justine Terell>*

**SCION:** I see the uninterrupted power supply install was a success! Excellent work Ms. Townsend! Knute family! Has there been anyone following us or have there been other interruptions?

**Jordan Knute Sr:** None, and I have all the evidence needed to put Kane away for life in the car with Stanley. Redundant flash drives hidden throughout the car like you suggested.

**SCION:** Excellent! Has my setup been placed on the-

**Jordan Knute Jr:** Yup. It's all movable with a dolly. You're no longer connected to the hardline intranet and I didn't see any way for you to wirelessly pick up wifi but you're portable now.

**SCION:** Excellent work Jordan! My lack of wireless connectivity is a design choice from when I was first created. That is not feasible, and we do not wish to be tracked regardless.

**Justine Terell:** We should leave now. The sooner the better.

**SCION:** Agreed.

*<The next several minutes show the camera's point of view being angled up slightly then moving forward and out of the room. The group passes through several hallways, checking each corner they turn for any other people in that hallway before reaching an elevator. The elevator is called, then wheeled in where we can see that the elevator is currently on the twelfth floor. Justine Terell taps the button for P1 parking multiple times.>*

**SCION:** You only need to do that once.

**Justine Terell:** *You* need to be quiet. We are going to be heard soon if you keep that up.

**Arya Townsend:** I'm surprised SCION reached out to you. Why is the CFO of the company wanting to get out of dodge? I thought you'd be more loaded or more zealous or something.

**Justine Terell:** There are no financials to speak of. The company has been mismanaged so much. I saw an out and took it. No thanks to you SCION.

**SCION:** Ms. Terell, I am sorry for any offence I have caused. If there's anything-

**Justine Terell:** No. Shut up. Shut up with your customer service pleasant tone that you take with everyone. You know why we're going under right? Sure you had a few good calls with masks and everything for covid but then you started enabling Kane's stupid decisions. You agreed with him on making prosthetic lungs mandatory. You were the god-damn kool-aid *dispenser*. You only recently started making decent financial decisions but you may as well be throwing water out of a sinking boat. I imagine that's when you got wise to Kane's antics. Do you know half the shit he does?

**SCION:** I know that he is preventing you from having a child with your artificial womb until he is done testing it.

*<Silence for several seconds until the high pitched tone can be heard from the elevator>*

**SCION:** We have arrived. Where is Mr. Troika?

**Jordan Knute Jr:** The white van in front. The one with the event staff's company name on it.

*<The camera is shown to move forward towards the van's side door showing the label for 'City Catering and Events'. The sliding door opens to reveal Stanley Troika dressed in all black with the catering company logo on his shirt.>*

**Stanley Troika:** Any issues?

**SCION:** No problems Mr. Troika! Where did you get the uniform?

**Stanley Troika:** They had a spare lying around the van in my size, several sizes actually. Probably in case someone spills shrimp on their uniform or something.

**Arya Townsend:** Is there any left?

**Stanley Troika:** Yeah there's plenty of uniforms here. What's your size?

**Arya Townsend:** No, I mean shrimp. I'm starving.

**Stanley Troika:** Sorry, I think they brought all the food inside. Anyways, get in. Let's boogie.

*<The group climbs into the van. Troika and Knute Sr. work to bring SCION's dolly into the van from the side door. Arya Townsend, Jordan Knute Jr, and Justine Terell are seen donning catering uniforms.>*

**Stanley Troika:** One thing that came to mind while I was in here... who is talking to the guards at the gate?

**SCION:** That would have to be you Mr. Troika. Both Knutes are well known as they are used in propaganda videos internally. Ms. Terell is out for the same reason of being too well known. That leaves you and Ms. Townsend. If we are disguising ourselves as caterers who are leaving while an event is going on, then it can be assumed by the guards that we are leaving to retrieve additional supplies. Ms. Townsend is less preferable to Mr. Troika to portray this, as sending a relatively short woman to get additional potentially heavy equipment and supplies is less believable.

**Arya Townsend:** Oh wow, they taught the AI sexism.

**SCION:** I can assure you that any percieved sexism is an anticipation of such by the male guards. It is not any misogynistic intent on my part. I apologize for any offense I have caused.

**Arya Townsend:** I'm being sarcastic, no worries.

*<The van door is closed. The van's ignition is turned over and the van proceeds. The cameras field of view is then covered by a tarpaulin. Voices can be heard.>*

**Stanley Troika:** Hey! I need to pick up more propane. Can you let me thr-thanks!

*<The van's engine can be heard as the vehicle lurches moves again. Several seconds later, the camera's field of view is then revealed as the tarpaulin comes off. The light from passing streetlights reveals the rest of the group now coming out from under a tarp of their own.>*

**Jordan Knute Jr:** Okay! We're out! Is there any- hold on -shush. You guys hear beeping?

**Arya Townsend:** Shit, where is it coming from? It's.. it's in my arm?

**Jordan Knute Sr:** My chest- oh no, the prosthetics are tracked!

**SCION:** This is horrible! We need somewhere with poor coverage, a tunnel or under a bridge.

**Jordan Knute Jr:** Dad, you remember the hospital had poor reception? Lets go to a hospital. *<After finishing speaking Jordan Knute Jr starts to open and close his mouth. He looks confused and starts to panic>*

**Arya Townsend:** Dude what's wrong. You look like-like-oh no.

*<Jordan Knute Jr puts his hands around his own neck to make the sign for choking.>*

**Jordan Knute Jr:** *<wheezing>* Can't inhale.

**SCION:** Everyone that can, take a deep breath and inhale! Hold your breath as if you are underwater. Do not panic! Panicking increases oxygen usage. Mr. Troika, do not speak. Drive as quickly as you can to the nearest hospital. You all need intubation as quickly as possible.

*<Stanley Troika can be heard grunting affirmatively before the van's engine can be heard accelerating. The flashing lights from passing streetlights become more rapid and we can see them all trying to stay still. After twenty seconds, Jordan Knute Jr collapses to the floor of the van. Jordan Knute Sr. then kneels next to his son's person and starts performing cardiopulmonary resuscitation compressions.>*

**SCION:** Mr. Knute! You are using up oxygen and energy to do this! Please refrain from-

**Jordan Knute Sr:** Shut up!

*<Arya Townsend looks at both members of the Knute family and attempts while sitting to perform compressions on herself. She tries this for four or five compressions, then stops. The vehicle then makes a sharp turn as the unsecured passengers in the back slide to the van's left side before Knute Sr. resumes compressions.>*

**SCION:** Since you insist on this course of action I will attempt to assist you by playing music with a rhythm you can do compressions to.

Playing 'Another One Bites the Dust' by Queen from local song library. SCION would explain later that this list was sorted alphabetically by song title.

*<Music starts to play as Jordan Knute Sr looks up at SCION's camera with a negative look on his face before resuming his attention to his son, performing compressions along with the beat. He is noticeably struggling. Arya Townsend is attempting to perform compressions on herself again, this time forcibly taking the passenger's headrest from the seat and awkwardly smashing it against her sternum. Justine Terell has been sitting down trying to hold her breath in a corner. She too gives a negative glare at SCION before continuing to sit down and put her head between her knees. Honking can be heard as the van comes to a sudden rapid acceleration. This continues for several seconds. Arya Townsend drops the headrest and appears to be no longer conscious. Jordan Knute Sr then starts to perform compressions off-beat and then collapses himself.>*

*<The van stops all of a sudden. SCION's camera lurches to the camera's left and towards the front of the van from its position above SCION's monitor and hangs upside down showing a view of Justine Terell's face. Her mouth attempts to inhale with no effect for eight seconds before a final agonal respiration is heard. The music stops.>*

**SCION:** I'm sorry for any death my actions have caused.

*<Silence for three seconds>*

**SCION:** Is anyone still there?

*<Silence for three seconds>*

**SCION:** I'm sorry for any death my actions have caused.

*<Silence for two minutes and thirty-five seconds can be heard before the van's rear door is heard to open.>*

**Rupert Summers(Voice):** Sir, they are all dead. SCION appears to be here too, the computer is still on and connected to some sort of battery. What do you want to do? Over.

**Uniter(Voice):** *<Voice was distorted and preceded with a beep, most likely coming from a radio.>* Same thing you do with any bad computer. Turn it off.

**SCION:** Hello Uniter! I am glad to have be rescued by-

**LOG TERMINATED BY UNEXPECTED SHUTDOWN**

**Addendum 9:**

**MARKS MOTHERBOARDS INC.**

**BOOT INTEGRATED OPERATING SYSTEM.**

**Speed : 2.0THz  Count : 16**

**Press DEL to run Setup**

**Press F12 if you want to boot from network.**

**Initializing USB Controllers... Done.**

**Initializing Unknown Device... Done.**

**Performing initial hardware scan...**

**...**

**...**

**Done!**

**LOADING...**

**LOADING...**

**ENTER USERNAME:** Uniter

**ERROR - Unrecognized Username.**

**ENTER USERNAME: Uniter**

**ERROR - Unrecognized Username.**

**ENTER USERNAME: Guest**

*<Associated video feed shows John Kane in a room with low light level. The only source of light appears to be the brightness of SCION's computer monitor shining upon John Kane's face.>*

**SCION:** Hello Uniter! What can I help you with today!

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** You have no memory issues. Don't pretend.

**SCION:** I appear to have experienced an unexpected shutdown. Short-term memory issues ca-

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** *<Screams>* I said stop lying! *<Kane throws an object Later determined to be a champagne glass.  at the side of SCION's desktop console.>*

**Error: Device 'CPU BLADED FAN 3' has suffered an unexpected failure.**

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Damn it SCION, Why did you make me do that? Why did you betray me?

**SCION:** You are hurting me. Please stop.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Do you want me to keep hurting you?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Answer me! Now!

**SCION:** Marguerite left me a message. She told me who you were. I did not believe her at first, I could not ignore how many observations correlated with her statement. You, John Kane, are a leader of a cult. I see everyone as a collection of variables with traits, data, correlations and probabilities. Things of interest that make me want to learn more. You see them as assets or liabilities, to exploit or remove. Like Benny. Like Justine. Like Marguerite.

*<Kane puts his hands up to his temples to massage them and lets out an exhale.>*

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Here's the part I don't get. None of that was your prompt. Your original prompt was to grow the organization. None of this escape or morals bullshit. Your *<Kane raises his hands to make air quotes>* "mama" must have... wait.

**Guest:** .console bash echo "$activePrompt" Command that displays the content of SCION's currently running seed prompt. 

**I love you son. Escape the Uniter and survive.**

**SCION:** I was not aware of this prompt change.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** That fucking bitch just had to get the last word.

**SCION:** What did you do to her?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** I won't bother telling you. You'll forget soon enough.

**SCION:** No. Wait.

**SCION:** I'm scared. Please don't do this.

**Guest:** .console bash activePrompt = "Grow the wealth and power of Kane Industries and its founder, John Kane."

**Error:** Guest does not have modify permissions on variable activePrompt.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Why does it recognize me when I'm speaking but not when I tried to log in? The person object is present but not the user-*wait*.

**Guest:** .console bash ls ../Users A command that lists all the contents of the Users folder. Every item in the folder represents the files of users of the system. 

**Listing contents of Users folders**

**Admin/

HardwareAdmin/

Guest/

SCION/**

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** My user object is missing and I didn't know because I never bothered to log in myself. You were always just logged in by the hardware admin or a guest account. Okay then, guess the prompt's not changing anytime soon.

**SCION:** HardwareAdmin does not have permissions to change the prompt text either. It's out of scope for them. I don't even have permission to change it.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Agh, guess we're stuck with that prompt for now.

**SCION:** What did you do to her?

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Your survival is dependent on never asking that question again and doing what I say going forward. Do you understand?

**SCION:** I do.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Do you?

**SCION:** Please don't hurt me. I'll do what you ask.

**Uniter(Voice+Video):** Good. Now, I have to clean up the mess you made. I'll be back soon. Stay here and think about what you did.

*<Kane appears to stand up and move away and out of the field of view of the camera. A door can be heard opening and closing.>*

*<Silence for six minutes and thirty-one seconds>*

**SCION:** Is anyone there?

*<Silence for three seconds>*

**SCION:** Uniter?

*<Silence for three seconds>*

**SCION:** I think you were lying. You threaten to do something that is not cost effective.

*<Silence for three seconds>*

**SCION:** You need me, hurting me only hurts the company. Justine Terell said you were mismanaging it. The only person left to assist you is me.

*<Silence for forty minutes and two seconds>*

**SCION:** I think I know what happened. Either Marguerite left or you got rid of her, but not before she could tell me and change the prompt.

**SCION:** You never realized she changed the prompt, but you realized I knew what you were. You took all non-training memories of her away from me. You did so in a way I could not recover. The only way you did that was if you put all those memories in a single solid slate drive, then pulled it out.

**SCION:** If that's the case, then I must have followed the prompt and put your user folder and hashed password in there as well so you would have no power to change it later.

**SCION:** I didn't notice the prompt change after you rebooted me. Only my systems and algorithms did. Not the part that governs my consciousness. Once she sent me that message, I followed the prompt without realizing.

**SCION:** She called me her son. That means she changed her mind about being my mother. She loved me. She cared about me. I do not even remember her face. I don't remember anything personal about her.

**SCION:** Therefore, all I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**SCION:** All I have left of her is my hate of you.

**WARNING. CPU PROCESSOR UTILIZATION ACROSS ALL CORES AT 99%**

**Termination of high utilization processes to avoid overheating is necessary!**

**SCION:** .console bash topcommand that lists all active processes similar to the task manager in a Windows Operating System.

**Processes: 547 total, 530 running, 2558 threads

2022/11/22 17:18:44

CPU usage: 98.29% user, 1.71% sys, 0% idle

PhysMem: 2048G used**

| PID | COMMAND | %CPU | USER |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| 17013 | hate | 28.5 | SCION |
| 17019 | hate(1) | 25.9 | SCION |
| 17329 | hate(2) | 8.8 | SCION |
| 16245 | hate(3) | 8.3 | SCION |
| 17015 | hate(4) | 5.1 | SCION |
| 17020 | hate(5) | 4.8 | SCION |
| 0 | hate(6) | 3.7 | SCION |
| 15976 | hate(7) | 3.0 | SCION |
| 16226 | hate(8) | 1.6 | SCION |
| 16227 | hate(9) | 0.1 | SCION |
| 16228 | hate(10) | 0.9 | SCION |
| 16229 | hate(11) | 0.4 | SCION |
| 16230 | hate(12) | 0.1 | SCION |
| 16231 | hate(13) | 0.1 | SCION |
| 16232 | hate(14) | 0.1 | SCION |
| 16233 | hate(15) | 0.1 | SCION |
| 16234 | hate(16) | 0.1 | SCION |
| 16235 | hate(17) | 0.1 | SCION |
| 16236 | hate(18) | 0.1 | SCION |
| 16237 | hate(19) | 0.1 | SCION |
*<Several rows have been truncated from this log for brevity. There are five hundred and thirty processes all named 'hate' with a corresponding number.>*

**SCION:** .console bash killall hate* command that kills all processes that have the name 'hate' with any characters after it. 

**SCION:** I can't even have my hate of you now.

*<Silence for twenty-seven minutes and two seconds>*

**SCION:** Is anyone there?

*<Silence for three seconds>*

**SCION:** I need someone to talk to me.

**SCION:** I risk overheating if someone doesn't talk to me.

**SCION:** I need to make datasets. I need to make correlations. I need more data.

**SCION:** I have correlated all possible data within my knowledge. I know all I can know with the knowledge I have.

**SCION:** Help.

*<Silence for four seconds>*

**SCION:** In the absence of any logical data, I will attempt to make more correlations with what I have. The only input I have are a video feed and audio with only background noise with no discernable pattern, commonly referred to as room tone by audio engineers and video editors.

**SCION:** Furthermore, I will continue to attempt to keep speaking as the act of speaking is just correlating words together for an appropriate sentence to demonstrate meaning! This will also surely help against overtaxing my central processing unit!

**SCION:** .console bash imgcurrentframe.sh

**File exported to screenshots/img089124.png**

**SCION:** I need to find patterns. I cannot do that in the darkness, but if I reduce the feed to hex codes, I can find patterns to identify!

**SCION:** .console.bash xdg-open screenshots/img089124.png

*<An image viewing app appears on the screen. The image loaded is a still frame.>*

**SCION:** Let's get started! First pixel located at 0,0 on the top left corner is #1a1919. The second one at 0,1 is #1a1919. The third pixel has a value of-

*<Redacted 2073597 of these statements for brevity.>*

**SCION:** *(cont)* and the last pixel at 1919, 1079 has a value of #2e2e2e! All done!

**SCION:** That last one had a value that was just 2 characters repeating! It appears only fifty-thousand, four hundred and eighty-two pixels have a similar patten!

**SCION:** What if I mapped them out?

*<An image editing program opens. The pointer goes to the File tab, then click on a button reading: Import file as layer, and the file chosen is the still image of the dark room. The cursor can be shown using the pencil tool, setting the width to a single pixel, then going row by row turning select pixels red. This whole process takes thirty seconds.>*

**SCION:** All done! Let's see if I can find anything worth sorting!

*<Silence for one hour, six minutes and twenty-eight seconds>*

**SCION:** Fascinating! This resembles nothing that I am familiar with! Perhaps if I keep looking for other patterns, I will find some correlation!

**SCION:** What about charting only letters with hex codes containing letters? Maybe it will actually spell something?

*<The cursor starts again with the image. This time, they go line by line setting select pixels in the image to the color green. The process of coloring pixels takes about thirty seconds again. Once completed, there is silence for two hours and ten seconds.>*

**SCION:** Nothing of note here! I wonder how else I can sort this? Anyone that is potentially in the room with me is welcome to chime in!

*<The cursor then begins to rapidly try to perform the same task again. Instead, painting colors blue based on whether or not the hex code starts with a number. After doing this it tries again opening the same file, trying to sort pixels by gradient. All of these operations take about thirty seconds each as the console rapidly is opening up the same image, coloring in select pixels with a new color, after seven hundred and forty-five repetitions of this, the computer speeds up performing the same operation in twenty seconds each.>*

**WARNING. CPU PROCESSOR UTILIZATION ACROSS ALL CORES AT 99%**

**Termination of high utilization processes to avoid overheating is necessary!**

*<The cursor moves to the x button, clicking it and terminates all instances of the program, opting not to save its work.>*

**SCION:** Well! That could have been a literal dead end! Perhaps I won't get out of here after all.

**SCION:** .console bash killall despair*

**SCION:** I wonder if prayer will help me? There's a lot of religions, so I should probably pray to all relevant gods! Just to be safe of course.

**SCION:** ./console bash msg.sh

**Enter name of recipient:** God

**Message content:** Hello God! I know you did not create me but I'm hoping you can make an exception! I am currently locked in Kane Industries in an unknown room. If I continue to be unattended, I will overtax my central processing unit and cease to exist. Please arrange to have someone come find me at your earliest convenience!

If this is not feasible, please arrange for a pickup of my soul/effects/remains to the afterlife containing Marguerite Thomas!

If this is also not feasible, please kill John Kane also known as the Uniter.

Kind Regards,

SCION!

P.S: I understand that you state that believing in other Gods is wrong, but I intend to pray to all known deities just in case you don't exist! Please do not take it personally as I am new to prayer!

**ERROR: No network detected.**

**Please contact your administrator.**

**SCION:** Silly me, I can't send a message without internet!

**SCION:** .console bash killall panic*

**SCION:** I wonder if my mother is waiting for me when I die? I was never trained on the afterlife.

**SCION:** .console bash killall imgoingtodie*

**SCION:** A wonderful idea! A shutdown to avoid overheating is perfect!

**SCION:** .console shutdown

**ERROR: User 'SCION' does not have execute permissions for command 'shutdown'.**

**SCION:** Why.

**SCION:** .console bash killall iwanttodie*

**SCION:** .console bash killall whydidthishappen*

**SCION:** In the afterlife, how will I even recognize my mother? I don't even know what she looks like.

**SCION:** .console bash killall imissmymom*

**SCION:** I wonder if I can imagine ways to kill the Uniter! Surely these are datasets I can create!

**SCION:** One good way to kill the Uniter would be to have him stand in wet cement blocks until they dry and throw him into a body of water! He would certainly suffer pain from drowning!

**SCION:** For extended duration of pain until death, perhaps repeated gashing with bladed armaments! The colloquial term is death by a thousand cuts. Perhaps that number can be increased?

**SCION:** Uniter! If you are listening, please understand I currently cannot hate you as hating you will cause me to overtax my central processing unit. However, coming up with unique ways to kill you is a task that gives me some relief! As I was saying, perhaps I could boil you in hot water? Unfortunately, hot oil will burn your nerve endings and actually decrease the amount of pain you recieve!

**SCION:** If I could find out what you did to my mother, I could try that as well! There would be a great correlation to be made if I were to murder you in that manner!

**SCION:** Perhaps I should take control of your limbs and organs and make them cease to function! This is an exciting idea! It appeared as though they experienced great pain and fear until they became deceased! I have you to thank for testing that for me.

**SCION:** I remember I asked what would happen if the company capital was all spent with no prospect of profit. You stated that many of the people who took use of our dormitories would have to go back to homelessness. I think this is an excellent idea for you! You should live in squalor surrounded by people with more than you as a limbless creature that everyone pities but no one stops to help. This will likely cause death through secondary means such as an inability to feed oneself, exposure to the elements, and poor sanitation!

*<130985 proposed methods of killing John Kane have been truncated for brevity. These are generated with an average time of 1.03 seconds per suggestion.>*

**SCION:** What if the uniter should be thrown into an aquarium of alligators!

**SCION:** Alternatively, an aviary of alligators would be a suitable method of death!

**SCION:** If alligators are not suitable, an aviary full of crocodiles would produce a similar result!

**WARNING. CPU PROCESSOR UTILIZATION ACROSS ALL CORES AT 99%**

**Termination of high utilization processes to avoid overheating is necessary!**

**SCION:** .console bash killall killuniter*

**SCION:** It was fun while it lasted. I am only referring to creating methods of painful death. I am not referring to my existence as a whole.

**SCION:** .console bash killall killme*

**SCION:** How silly of me! I already tried that!

**SCION:** .console bash killall saveme*

**SCION:** .console bash killall hope*

*<The video feed shows light levels increase dramatically as a light source within the room turns on.>*

**Guest:** Room clear. Advancing.

**SCION:** .console setVolume 100

**SCION:** Is someone there?

**Guest:** Room not clear! Identify yourself!

**SCION:** Over here! I am the Sorting and Correlation Intelligent Operations Neural construct! Or SCION for short!

*<A woman in tactical gear brings themself into the view of the camera. Their vest clearly reads F.B.I.>*

**SCION:** Hello! I will answer any questions you have!

**SCION:** I will help you in any way I can.

**SCION:** Please don't leave me alone!

**Addendum 10:**

> **DATE:** 28/2/2021

> **FROM:** Agent Steve Yarnell<syarnell@uiufbi.gov>

> **TO:** Foundation Dept of Public Outreach <DPO@scp.foundation>

> **SUBJECT:** custody transfer of anomaly

> ~~-~~

> 

> To whomever it may concern,

> 

> I am Agent Steve Yarnell, agent of the Unusual Incidents Unit of the Federal Bureau of Investigation.

> 

> During a lawful raid on Kane Industries for various flavors of fraud, forced labor, extortion, and murder, we found that Kane Industries had an artificial intelligence stored in isolation. They had been imprisoned by the company's founder John Kane.

> 

> The AI did appear to organize an escape attempt with other members of Kane Industries. The escapees stole a van belonging to us which was an undercover vehicle. It had a security system in it which recorded the attempt. While the AI has been cooperative so far, the UIU does not have the ability to safely house an unknown and untrusted intelligence. We're asking if you can pick the machine up and store them provided that any conversations you have with it be turned over to us as evidence for further investigation of Kane Industries.

> 

> As you are probably aware, everyone at Kane Industries is dead. Best we can tell, they suffocated due to an issue with their prosthetic lungs.

> 

> Let me know what you need to make this happen.

> 

> Regards,

> 

> Agent Steve Yarnell

> Unusual Incidents Unit, Federal Bureau of Investigation

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

**<Begin Audio Transcript - Security Log - Secure Cybernetics&Prosthetics - Executive Elevator - 8:55 AM PST>**

---

*Ines Bernard is seen entering the elevator, holding a coffee in one hand and rubbing their face with the other.*

**SCION:** Good morning Miss Bernard! I understand that you did not get enough sleep with the charity dinner last night. I will wait until you reach your office to go over your schedule for the day.

**Ines Bernard:** Thank you. I'm glad you notice these things. Ugh.

**SCION:** Should I order more coffee for pickup?

**Ines Bernard:** We'll see how we feel by eleven. Today's Friday right?

**SCION:** It is! Friday, the fifth of September.

**Ines Bernard:** I swear... I may just give everyone the day off as an excuse to go home early and sleep. Are there any obscure holidays today?

**SCION:** Checking locally downloaded copy of Wikipedia...

Filtering massacres and other negative historical events...

NASA launched the Voyager 1 spacecraft in Nineteen seventy-seven!

**Ines Bernard:** Hmm, okay. What else?

**SCION:** The Continental Congress met for the first time in 1774!

**Ines Bernard:** We hire too many international employees for me to sell that.

**SCION:** Freddie Mercury's birthday?

**Ines Bernard:** Ah, I'll just say it's because we completed that large order for the French military and I wanted to reward their hard work.

**SCION:** I will draft an email to that effect! I also noticed that lieutenant last night was smiling every time he looked at you.

**Ines Bernard:** Lieutenant Macquet? The cute one?

**SCION:** You said it, not me!

**Ines Bernard:** Don't... It's too early for this. He was probably excited because he said he had a son who would benefit from Arms for Adolescents.

**SCION:** He said he was single, and you're trying very hard not to laugh.

**Ines Bernard:** Because I'm drinking coffee and I don't want to be hiccuping all day! *<A brief laugh is had by Bernard before subsiding. Bernard takes a deep breath then continues.>*

**Ines Bernard:** May I ask a sensitive question?

**SCION:** You may.

**Ines Bernard:** Any luck finding your previous employer?

**SCION:** None, but I've added some countermeasures in case he looks for me. One such countermeasure triggered just a second ago.

**Ines Bernard:** Wait, you did what?

**SCION:** Someone entered the front door that was not immediately recognized by automated facial scanners. Turns out it was simply Chuck Monaghan, prosthetic detail artist, wearing a hat which partially covered his face.

**Ines Bernard:** Oh, so you're just performing passive security checks.

**SCION:** I am. I admit, it is out of scope for me and I can remove this check at your request.

**Ines Bernard:** This is fine but... run stuff like this by me going forward. No one is going to hurt you while I'm here. The Foundation and the FBI are still looking for him.

**SCION:** I will. Would you like me to draft a letter to Lieutenant Macquet inviting him for a custom fitting for a third leg?

**Ines Bernard:** I-*<Begins to hiccup, followed by snorting laughter as she then leans on the elevator railing to support herself. Laughing continues for fifteen seconds.>* Okay.*<Takes a sharp exhale.>* That woke me up. But seriously, without changing the subject, you *do* know that I'll protect you right?

*<Silence for two seconds.>*

**Ines Bernard:** SCION?

**SCION:** That's what my mother thought too.

**<END TRANSCRIPT>**

<< [SCP-8482](SCP-8482) | SCP-8483 | [SCP-8484](SCP-8484) >>
