**Item #:** SCP-8873

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Personnel fitting the criteria outlined below and show symptoms of SCP-8873 should be placed under observation. When MRI scans show development of SCP-8873, afflicted personnel are to be placed in humanoid containment and kept under observation. The end results of SCP-8873 are to be incinerated.

* Lived in the American Midwest for a total of ten years. Years do not have to be continuous.

* Subject must be a Foundation employee at Site-19.

**Description:** SCP-8873 is an anomalous phenomena affecting personnel at Site-19. Every year two personnel will be afflicted by the anomalous properties of SCP-8873. Over the course of six weeks, subjects will have their brains replaced by an ear of flint corn.

Earliest recorded stages of symptoms are; night terrors, forgetfulness, and blackouts. At the onset of intense migraines, an MRI scan shows the brain had shrunk ~1cm and was malformed. Roughly 5-9 days after discovery, subjects begin to lose motor functions. At three weeks, subjects report hallucinations, suffer from insomnia and confusion. Four weeks into degradation, corn silk grows from the subjects' ears. This causes hearing loss. MRIs at this stage show an ear of corn growing from the brain.

At five weeks subjects noticeably lose their ability to process language. After six weeks, the corn is nearly fully formed with brain mass minimal. Personnel have lost all ability to process language and will begin convulsing in their sleep. Once the subject reaches eight weeks of infection, MRI shows an ear of corn filling the entirety of the brain cavity and absence of the brain. Subjects are declared dead.

**History:** Before construction could begin on Site-19, Chairperson ██████ of the Nottawaseppi Huron Band of Potawatomi reached out to, Soon-to-be-Director, ████. Chairperson ██████ demanded the Foundation give the property of Site-19's construction back to the Nottawaseppi Huron Band of Potawatomi. The Foundation denied the demand, noting that the property had been legally bought from the US Federal government.

Due to logistics, the Foundation had to build a temporary hazardous waste site during construction. Again Chairperson ██████ of the Nottawaseppi Huron Band of Potawatomi reached out to, Soon-to-be-Director, ████. The Nottawaseppi Huron Band of Potawatomi demanded the Foundation store the waste elsewhere.

**Discovery:** On 200█/0█/13, first known case occurred when operations began at Site-19. Two subjects blacked out at an after hours celebration. No signs of alcohol were present in the subjects' blood. An MRI was performed and the early stages of SCP-8873 were discovered. 

Researcher Stanton and Technician Zboże were placed under observation. Subjects didn't exhibit additional symptoms until two weeks.

After two months the subjects were announced deceased, and an ear of corn was removed from each subject. Head Researcher ███████ tested kernels harvested from SCP-8873 in the Botany wing. Corn grown from an SCP-8873 kernel was found to be non-anomalous.

Second phenomena happened on 200█/0█/13 a year later. Two personnel fitting the criteria outlined at the top of the document, became afflicted by SCP-8873. Symptoms and progression persisted as it had with the first subjects.

**Addendum.8873.1:**

On 201█/0█/13 during routine MRI scans, Head Researcher ███████ and Director ████ shown early symptoms of SCP-8873 affliction.

**Interview.8873.1:**

201█/0█/14

Below is an interview between Taylor Holcombe, Site-19's liaison, and Chairperson ██████ of the Nottawaseppi Huron Band of Potawatomi

---

*<BEGIN LOG>*

---

**Holcombe:** Thank you for meeting with us on such short notice.

[Chairperson ██████ glares at Holcombe.]

**Holcombe:** *(nervously coughs)* Two important leads for the site are dying.

**Chairperson ██████:** Your leaders didn't care when mine fell ill.

**Holcombe:** The site contains a handful of staff from your reservation and Site-19 is near a large civilian population. Without the leadership from Director ████ and Head Researcher ███████ there is a likelihood of disastrous containment breaches.

**Chairperson ██████:** Those who left are no longer welcome here. *(folds arms)* They are yours.

**Holcombe:** Site-19 is the largest site in North America. There will be ramifications in the future if more vital staff die from *(stammers)* corn brainrot!

**Chairperson ██████:** ...

**Chairperson ██████:** You know what we want.

**Holcombe:** With all due respect Chairperson, that would be impossible.

**Chairperson ██████:** Then the affliction remains.

---

*<END LOG>*

---

**Addendum.8873.2:** As of 201█/0█/13, a year later, infected subjects had been in the Midwest for nine years. First known instance of a year span less than ten.

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8873](SCP-8873) | SCP-8874 | [SCP-8875](SCP-8875) >>
