**Item #:** AO-8522

**Special Containment Procedures:** AO-8522 is stored within a low-value containment locker at  [Site-588-2](SCP-8277).

**Description:** AO-8522 is a champagne cork stopper. When inserted into an alcoholic bottle, the container will replenish itself with the corresponding beverage.AO-8522 replenishes at a rate of one quarter of alcohol per minute.

**Addendum-01:** AO-8522 was recovered from Baja California, Mexico after a local barkeeper had attempted to utilize the anomaly for personal gain. Following amnestization protocols, AO-8522 was confiscated and later put under Dr. Dolph's research jurisdiction.

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET: AO-8522/Test/Dolph◀</summary>

= **{{TEST #: 01}}**

**Item:** Red wine bottle.

**Result:** The item was replenished with red wine.

**Notes:** N/A.

= **{{TEST #: 02}}**

**Item:** Tequila bottle.

**Result:** The item was replenished with tequila.

**Notes:** N/A.

= **{{TEST #: 15}}**

**Item:** 1 gallon milk jug.

**Result:** No reaction.

**Notes:** *Seriously? Only **booze**?* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 25}}**

**Item:** Coconut.

**Result:** A hole was produced in the item beforehand. No reaction.

**Notes:** *Worth a shot. I guess it really is an one-trick pony.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 26}}**

**Item:** Champagne bottle.

**Result:** No reaction.

**Notes:** *That's the outlier? Really? I can't tell if that's ironic or just sad.*

~~*The alcohol is non-anomalous and safe for consumption. If we're lucky we can put it to use like that pizza box they got at Site-17. Seriously, why do they always get the better end of the stick?*~~

**EDIT:** *Just writing this now. You wouldn't **believe** what happened in the lab.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{INCIDENT-AO-8522-A}}**

**Summary:** AO-8522 inadvertently came into contact with an assistant researcher's clipboard. Both objects fused with each other until most of the clipboard was absorbed by AO-8522. It was learned that the clipboard was constructed from cork, just like AO-8522.

= **{{TEST #: 27}}**

**Item:** Various objects composed of cork.

**Result:** All items were absorbed by AO-8522, leaving all non-cork materials behind. Despite absorbing a substantial amount of mass, AO-8522 remained relatively unchanged.

**Notes:** *Physically? Not out of the ordinary... but what about the "extra-ordinary?"* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 28}}**

**Item:** Red wine bottle.

**Result:** The item was replenished at a quicker rate than previously recorded.

**Notes:** *It's not just wine. In terms of speed, the items we tested broke through every record. Completely flawless. Well... except for one.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 29}}**

**Item:** Champagne bottle.

**Result:** Only one-fourth of champagne was replenished

**Notes:** *Still, it's quite the improvement... I think?*

*We're still out to lunch regarding the champagne thing, but we all agreed the cork trick has enhanced the anomaly. Samantha actually has been betting the team that AO-8522's "upgrade" could extend beyond alcohol. It's ridiculous, has she forgotten we tried that already?* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 30}}**

**Item:** 1 gallon milk jug.

**Result:** The item was replenished with milk, then transformed into a 1 gallon glass jug of Irish cream.

**Notes:** *Then yet again, there's nothing wrong with being wrong, of course. Even if forcibly coughing up a couple Lincolns to a **certain somebody** was the end result.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 31}}**

**Item:** Plastic water bottle.

**Result:** The item was replenished with water, then transformed into a plastic vodka bottle. Large quantities of microplastics were detected in the beverage.

**Notes:** *All the reason to get a water filter.*  

*But in all seriousness, I'm delighted at this new testing avenue. Every drink we threw at it ended up as some kind of booze. That includes fruit juice. Not just the ones from the grocery store, but also squeezing it raw into a bottle. It's incredible.* 

*Speaking of fruit...* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 32}}**

**Item:** Coconut.

**Result:** No reaction.

**Notes:** *It's not just this item, we tried multiple produce. Makes sense, somewhat. Corks belong in bottles, not fruit... then yet again... neither does milk jugs and recyclable water.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 41}}**

**Item:** Mug.

**Result:** No reaction.

**Notes:** *Of course, the cork works best when it's snuggled in. A mug is too wide for that.*

**EDIT:** *Hold one, something just happened in the lab. **Again.***

= **{{TEST #: 42}}**

**Item:** Plastic ketchup bottle.

**Result:** The item was replenished with ketchup, then transformed into a bloody ceasar cocktail bottle. When applied on foods that are either highly caloric and/or fried, the beverage becomes highly viscous, similarly to ketchup.

**Notes:** *...Since when is ketchup a drink?* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 43}}**

**Item:** Laundry detergent bottle.

**Result:** The item was replenished with laundry detergent, then transformed into a bottle of sparkling blue wine. Whenever the beverage comes into contact with soiled clothing, they will become dry, pristinely clean, and smell like rotten grapes.

**Notes:** *...What's going on?* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 45}}**

**Item:** Ship in a bottle.

**Result:** The item was replenished with additional model ships before transforming into a navy rum bottle. When poured into a suitable drinking container, a holographic illusion of the model ship will manifest and be suspended within the beverage's confines.

**Notes:**  *Oh... this is going to be **fun.*** --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 52}}**

**Item:** Bowling ball.

**Result:** Item transformed into a heavily durable glass bottle of brown ale, bearing resemblance to a bowling ball. When firmly rolled, ten beer bottles will manifest in its path.These bottles will always manifest in the shape of an equilateral triangle, similarly to tenpin bowling.

**Notes:** *It's not just bottles, It's practically anything! As long as AO-8522 can properly fit, it's fair game. It's fun with container-based items -- anything stored within will multiply before transformation. Other items like this transform almost immediately! Oh, the **possibilities.***

= **{{TEST #: 53}}**

**Item:** Coconut.

**Result:** No reaction.

**Notes:** *Fan. Tas. Tic.* 

***Apparently**, corking AO-8522 into a make-shift hole doesn't count. ~~That doesn't make sense! It's a hole like anything else!~~ The working theory is that AO-8522 is somehow more... "accepting" towards objects that were inherently meant to possess such an opening.* 

*That's too vague for my liking. If that's true, our testing viabilities are going to be restricted from here on out. At least AO-8522 will likely gain official SCP classification once testing's done.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 60}}**

**Item:** Shotgun.

**Result:** Item transformed into a sawed-off shotgun before becoming a bourbon whiskey bottle. The container bears resemblance to a sawed-off shotgun; whiskey poured out through its "muzzle." A member of D-class was brought in to sample the beverage. D-36772 responded favorably to the taste before his head was destroyed in a non-combustion explosion.Notably, the Foundation forensic pathologist had mentioned during D-36772's autopsy that the subject's injuries were similar to that of a point-blank shotgun wound.

**Notes:** *I knew having the D's on board was a good idea.* 

*Whenever a non-drink item is transformed, more than likely it's going to have its own "unique flair" to it. But this is the first time I witnessed a double transformation! Both forms were or at least resembled the shorty. Why is the question.*

**EDIT:** *Now that I think of it, this is the **biggest** item we tested with thus far. Is size that much of an important factor?* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 61}}**

**Item:** Oil barrel.

**Result:** Item visibly shifted and vibrated before ceasing in movement.

**Notes:** *I guess it is... be right back.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{REQUEST SUBMISSION}}**

**Author:** Dr. Dolph

**Request:** Additional cork.

**Status:** **##green|Granted##**.

= **{{TEST #: 62}}**

**Item:** Oil barrel.

**Result:** The item was replenished with oil, dramatically decreased in size, then transformed into a bottle of pure ethanol.

**Notes:** *It is.*

*Where's the cork?* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 70}}**

**Item:** Mug.

**Result:** AO-8522's size increased, allowing it to be properly inserted into the item. The item also grew in size before transforming into a bottle of Irish coffee. AO-8522 reverted to its baseline during the item's transformation.

**Notes:** *This wasn't... the original test. I was retracing my steps to the few tests that failed. I didn't think anything would come of it!* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 72}}**

**Item:** Drinking straw.

**Result:** AO-8522's size dramatically decreased, allowing it to be properly inserted into the item. The item grew in size before transforming into a bottle of spiked lemonade.Item was originally procured from the cafeteria. Notably, it was used in conjunction with a cup of Minute Maid prior to testing. AO-8522 reverted to baseline size during the item's transformation.

**Notes:** *The lab boys thought it was strange the items kept growing. It’s strange, AO-8522 did its magic when... I wanted it to do so.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 77}}**

**Item:** Trumpet.

**Result:** AO-8522's size increased, allowing it to be properly inserted directly into the item's bell. The item's size decreased before transforming into a bottle of sazerac. When imbibed, the subject will experience auditory hallucinations revolving around jazz. AO-8522 reverted to baseline size during the item's transformation.

**Notes:** *It's telepathic! It's one-way and very limited, but it knows **exactly** when it is needed. Or at least I think it is. **Doesn't matter**. What matters is the size! The items shrink or grow because it must fit the rough shape of booze! It's also the second case of AO-8522 displaying a physical abnormality! Which leads into the next problem. I can't get the anomaly to get bigger or smaller. It's like there's a roadblock.*

*I think we know what **that** means.* --Dr. Dolph.

= **{{TEST #: 80}}**

**Item:** Champagne bottle.

**Result:** Item was half replenished by champagne.

**Notes:** *Last time this gained an inch was when we were making some real **progress**. It makes me wonder... I'll come back to this.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 81}}**

**Item:** Coconut.

**Result:** No reaction.

**Notes:** *Oh to hell with it.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 82}}**

**Item:** Bucket.

**Result:** AO-8522's size exponentially increased allowing it to be properly inserted directly into the item. Item leaked soapy water before transforming into a 2 liter glass vodka bottle. When the beverage is poured into a water-based substance, the liquid will become highly saponaceous. AO-8522 reverted to baseline size during the item's transformation.

**Notes:** *Bingo.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 83}}**

**Item:** Syringe.

**Result:** AO-8522's size decreased immensely, allowing it to be properly inserted into the needle's lumen. The item was replenished with blood, grew in size, and then transformed into a bloody margarita bottle. The beverage cannot be consumed orally, but through transdermal means. AO-8522 reverted to baseline size during the item's transformation.

**Notes:** *I've been feeding the anomaly cork on a dime. But even then I can't get anything smaller than this! I guess this is the limit... for now.* --Dr. Dolph.

= **{{TEST #: 85}}**

**Item:** Circular swimming pool. 

**Result:** AO-8522 exponentially grew in size and width, allowing it to be properly inserted into the item. The item shrunk in size before transforming into a large bottle containing a swimming pool cocktail. Miniature pool toys manifested within the confines of the beverage. AO-8522 reverted to baseline size and width during the item's transformation.

**Notes:** *I can't get the anomaly to go anything larger than this! I just need to check on one last thing.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 88}}**

**Item:** Champagne bottle.

**Result:** The item was replenished half and a quarter with champagne.

**Notes:** *I knew it! Replenishment corresponds to progress! Fantastic, now where's the damn cork.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 96}}**

**Item:** D-44873 

**Result:** AO-8522 transformed into a syringe composed of cork, autonomously inserting and injecting itself into D-44873's arm before vanishing. The item's blood was thoroughly analyzed with the use of an electronic microscope; more than half of the item's blood cells were composed of cork.

Additional bodily fluids and internal organs multiplied within D-44873, causing him to expire before being transformed into a bottle of Pusser's Rum. D-66733 was brought in to sample the beverage. Once properly imbibed, D-66733 believed himself to be D-44873. D-66733 not only displayed a dramatic change in personality, but also possessed knowledge and memory of events that was exclusive to D-44873. As these changes did not revert, D-66733 was held in a containment cell for long-term studying. 

**Notes:** *I wanted to kill two birds with one stone. With living things and something even smaller. I had a thought that perhaps... using one of the pores of his skin would be a good bet but even I didn't think it would work.*

*God.. is this another upgrade?!* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 100}}**

**Item:** Shipping container

**Result:** AO-8522 transformed into a cardboard box containing a plethora of bottle stoppers. Upon entering the item, the boxes multiplied until the container was full. Item then transformed into a carrier box holding six bottles of beer. AO-8522 was found inserted into one of the bottles.

**Notes:** *...It's not about size anymore, is it?* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 101}}**

**Item:** Cheese grater.

**Result:** AO-8522 transformed into a cork-based object resembling a cheese wedge. AO-8522 autonomously grated itself against the item. Once fully grated, the item transformed into a piece of Italian Ubriaco cheese.A type of cheese that's been soaked in wine during the aging process. AO-8522 was found embedded deep inside the item.

**Notes:** *Drunken cheese... that's a thing?!* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 105}}**

**Item:** Dart board

**Result:** AO-8522 transformed into multiple throwing darts composed of cork. AO-8522 autonomously threw themselves into the item's center. The item transformed into multiple empty cans of beer that had been pierced with non-anomalous throwing darts. AO-8522 was found inside one of the cans. 

**Notes:** *It's a calling to beer darts, a party game for the young and dumb. Good times, good times.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 111}}**

**Item:** Janitor's closet.

**Result:** All janitorial equipment inside the item was removed beforehand. AO-8522 transformed into a key composed of cork. AO-8522 was then inserted into the door, unlocking it. When the door was opened, the closet had turned into a wine rack containing various rare and high-quality alcohol.

**Notes:** *Oh... those [rich conards](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/marshall-carter-and-dark-hub) would've made a killing off this.// --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 112}}**

**Item:** iPhone.

**Result:** AO-8522 transformed into a charging cable composed of cork. When inserted into the item, the app *iBeer* was found installed on the device.

**Notes:** *Cute. Incredibly stupid, nonsensical and lackluster... but still... cute.*

*In spite of it all, I'd say this whole endeavor has been a tremendous success. Although progress had been **ungodly** slow at the beginning, the fruits of our labor showed itself. Its size and transformational properties were certainly a treat... even if it was painful.*

*At least we can shelve the book on this one.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 113}}**

**Item:** Coconut.

**Result:** No reaction.

**Notes:** *Oh. Right. Forgot all about **you**...* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 114}}**

**Item:** Champagne bottle.

**Result:** Item was replenished again with an additional half-quarter.

**Notes:** *I can't believe it! I was so engrossed in our recent victories I completely forgot about the "makeshift hole" test. And no, it still doesn't work.*

*But not for long.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 116}}**

**Item:** Champagne bottle.

**Result:** ~~No reaction.~~

**Notes:** *Turns out it replenished, but only by a couple drops. You know what's the worst part? I tripled the usual cork for it to even produce that much! Surely we're reaching the end point!* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 117}}**

**Item:** Champagne bottle.

**Result:** Item replenished again with the addition of a singular drop of champagne.

**Notes:** *Overcome, and **thrive**!* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 118}}**

**Item:** Champagne bottle.

**Result:** Item was nearly replenished.

**Notes:** *That was enough cork to fill the entire grand canyon and it's still not enough?! We’re nearly going over budget!* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 119}}**

**Item:** Champagne bottle.

**Result:** Item was completely replenished.

**Notes:** *FINALLY! Now to end this once and for all.* --Dr. Dolph

= **{{TEST #: 120}}**

**Item:** Coconut

**Result:** Dr. Dolph inserted AO-8522 into the item. Midway through the item's transformation, AO-8522 propelled itself upwards at high speeds, penetrating itself halfway through the ceiling. 

**Notes:** *For the record, that was **not** my fault.*

*We just analyzed it. Despite how it looks and weighs, there's a lot more champagne in there than we thought. Plenty of gas as well. I believe the lab boys said the bottle was "anomalously pressurized" or something similar along those lines.*

*Good news is that AO-8522 is still in one piece (relatively.) Interesting enough, the object seemed to have lost its cork-absorption capabilities. Now we can't tell why that is. The ceiling hasn't turned into vodka or anything so that's a good sign. I think? We won't know the fine details until we yank it out and analyze it in the lab.*

*The bad news is... nothing! Sure the anomaly is wedged there in pretty tight but I'm sure maintenance can easily take care of that! Better yet, I found out we can easily repair the ceiling with insurance. Which means we're still on budget! And you know what else? No casualties! And in my humble opinion, I call that an absolute win!*

*Now, I suppose it's time to get AO-8522 on the official SCP registry. Too early to tell, but my money's on it staying as Safe class. I thi*

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

= *

**Item #:** SCP-8522

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8522-A and SCP-8522-B's properties can only be properly negated through physical affixment with each other. As such, both anomalies are under joint containment and held in a high-value containment locker at Site-19.

All investigations pertaining to SCP-8522 are currently ongoing.

**Description:** SCP-8522 refers to Site-588-2. Following an anomalous occurrence on the eve of 10/10/2025, SCP-8522 had suddenly and inexplicably vanished without a trace, resulting in all personnel, anomalies, and all SCiPNET data held at the facility being lost. Although the status of SCP-8522 is unknown, two anomalous objects were found at the facility's former location. 

SCP-8522-A is a champagne cork stopper. When placed inside a suitable opening, the object will transform into a bottle of champagne. This occurs regardless of size or function of the object’s opening.Including those produced by brute force, tools or other unconventional means. As of time of writing, the only object completely immune to its transmutational effects is SCP-8522-B.

SCP-8522-B is a glass bottle, bearing resemblance to a coconut. SCP-8522-B continuously produces cement, glass, pieces of rebar, torn SCP documentation and human genetic material. The only viable method to negating this property is by inserting SCP-8522-A into SCP-8522-B; other methods would inevitably result in the seal that was placed on SCP-8522-B being breached from immense pressure generated by the anomaly. Following insertion, sweat, lacrimal fluid, and liquid fecal matter will momentarily leak from the bottom of SCP-8522-B, all of which are confirmed to bear a genetic match to Dr. Micah Dolph.

The explanation for their existence, and the possible connection to SCP-8522's disappearance, remain unclear.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-8521](SCP-8521) | AO-8522 | [SCP-8523](SCP-8523) >>

@@ @@

> **Filename:** Bouchon_de_champagne_neuf.jpg

> **Name:** Bouchon_de_champagne_neuf.jpg

> **Author:** Bibliorock

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Bouchon_de_champagne_neuf.jpg
