=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8366

**Object Class:** Uncontained

**Special Containment Procedures:** Civilian studies into SCP-8366 can be disregarded, as a lack of anomalous specimens input into the SCP-8366 process will not yield anomalous results.

Any known ongoing instances of the SCP-8366 process are to be carefully monitored.

**Description:** SCP-8366 is an anomalous practice/process originating in 14th-century BC China, colloquially known as "*Gǔ*" (蠱), or "Venom Jar". The practice involves sealing venomous creatures and/or entities within a vessel in order to anomalously concentrate the potency of their venom or "evil" into the last surviving specimen as the specimens fight amongst themselves or otherwise die off over time.

The mechanism by which the potency is transferred is unknown, but the end result has been universally observed to yield a specimen with significantly higher toxicity than the total toxicity of all initial specimens combined.

The SCP-8366 process triggers automatically as long as the specimens are sufficiently enclosed. There are currently no discovered means of preventing the process.

**Addendum 1:** The SCP-8366 process has been discovered to be applicable to not only toxicity, but any traits primarily perceived as harmful. This includes specimens inheriting traits they did not initially possess.

| Input |  | Results |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 6 Black Widow spiders |  | Surviving specimen's venom was observed to have an approximately 8x more concentrated LD50.Lethal Dose for 50% of the population, the standard measurement for toxicity. Smaller required doses indicate higher toxicity. |
| 3 Brown Recluse spiders, 1 Strawberry Poison Dart frog |  | The dart frog was the surviving specimen, and was observed to have developed a venomous bite approximately 4x as potent as a single spider. |
| 1 Timber Rattlesnake, 2 [SCP-400](SCP-400)Parasitic insects that inhabit and puppeteer infants, deploying a memetic effect to instate themselves as the object of the nurturing instincts of the victim's parents. instances |  | The rattlesnake was the surviving specimen, and was observed to have developed anomalous memetic and parasitic qualities. The specimen was unable to fully enter the body of the test mice due to relative body size. |
Further testing involving anomalous input has been forbidden due to unpredictable results.

**Addendum 2:** The SCP-8366 process has been discovered to occur not only within physical confines, but any area or system primarily perceived as enclosed, isolated, or contained.

<< [SCP-8365](SCP-8365) | SCP-8366 | [SCP-8367](SCP-8367) >>
