**Item #:** SCP-8634

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Primary, onsite containment for research is trivial: an SCP-8634-B cluster in the form of an affected motherboard with no input or output capability is to be stored in a standard locker. Controlled spread to other mediums is permissible for further research; once study concludes, these secondary units are to be destroyed.

Secondary containment involves proactively preventing manifestations of SCP-8634-A in scenarios where it could form. Due to the nature of SCP-8634, complete efficacy of this process is infeasible; responsive efforts are required to neutralise SCP-8634-B colonies once they invariably form.

The former process mainly concerns hardware and software systems due to their systematic and ordered format. Foundation agents embedded in relevant organisations are to discreetly modify low-level processes in digital technologies globally to allow for multi-step detection of the SCP-8634-A pattern before it forms; this has the unfortunate side effect of decreasing processor speed by up to 4%.

More abstract manifestations of SCP-8634-A are harder to account for before they happen: containment of these instances revolves around cleanup efforts and reactive methods appropriate to the nature of the incident. In most cases, however, this will necessitate the destruction of the affected system.

**Description:** SCP-8634-A is a specific bit pattern composed of 64 units of informationA bit is the traditional unit of information; 1 bit denotes either of two possible states relating to the context and medium in which it is referenced in. 2^^64^^ possible unique combinations are present in a 64-bit environment. . Any informational structure capable of expressing 8 bytes of data simultaneously is potentially vulnerable to the SCP-8634 phenomenon; if the unique combination of information that constitutes SCP-8634-A is expressed for any amount of time in the structure, the 64 boolean units that make up the affected segment become an SCP-8634-B instance.

SCP-8634-B entities are in every way identical to their former selves, save for their apparent sentience and ability to modify the informational state of any of the 64 boolean constructs making them up at will. Newly-formed instances take significant time to adjust to their capabilities; it can take up to three hours for an SCP-8634-B entity to flip its first bit, complicating detection efforts. Foundation parasentience researchers believe this initial phase represents the gestation of an instance's self-awareness.

An SCP-8634-B entity will become gradually but exponentially more confident with its data manipulation abilities to the point where it will corrupt extensive swathes of stored information in its logistical vicinity, likely interrupting the functions of the host construct. This may have the fortunate consequence of destroying data processes in the vicinity of the instance, "trapping" it and making it much harder to have an influence on the structures in its proximity, preventing its future progress.

However, should the conceptual position of SCP-8634-B within the host allow it significant control regardless, the instance will begin to initiate its primary goal: the induction of SCP-8634-A in other data sectors. It may take some time for the SCP-8634-B entity to learn the setup of adjacent informational structures, but once it gains sufficient skill and experience, it will manipulate the data around it to create further SCP-8634-B, each possessing a discrete consciousness.

The "parent" instance will teach the child the local shape of the informational system and beneficial patterns to induce in non-sentient bits via the gentle manipulation of its actions. This creates a positive feedback loop, allowing the entities to self-replicate at an exponential rate throughout the physical medium. Colonies of SCP-8634-B are highly sociable and supportive of one another; they can quickly learn the entire inner workings of whatever structure they exist in and defend against external threats via the manipulation of outgoing information, essentially acting as a holistic hive mind whilst retaining individual thoughts and "personalities".

Varying greatly on the complexity and size of the informational medium, SCP-8634-B can assimilate a host construct from days to even minutes in certain cases. When this happens, the cluster will focus on propagating their influence beyond the singular affected system to other vulnerable environments. Colonies seem to prefer infecting different types of informational storage mediums, possibly as a survival mechanism in case an external actor proves a threat.

Notably, due to their overwhelming replication instinct, SCP-8634-B do not tend to preserve preexisting data on affected systems, preferring to colonise an informational entity in its entirety and subsequently having to "learn" how to interface with the non-informational components of the network from minimal prior knowledge -- this simplifies containment and identification efforts considerably.  

SCP-8634-B clusters will invariably retaliate containment or destruction efforts by outside forces with either attempted assimilation of the transgressor or destruction of the offending force; the latter can include malware propagation on computers, the crashing of autonomous vehicles, or even the generation of basic cognitohazards.

The SCP-8634 phenomenon is thought to be responsible of roughly 3% of permanent failures in complex informational systems. Should a manifestation be left uncontained, it is estimated that total contamination of the internet and similar critical networks would be achieved in just over a week, constituting an IK-Class "Collapse of Global Civilisation" Scenario.

**Addendum 1:** Researchers are note that whilst SCP-8634-A is more obvious in computer systems, it may manifest in more unconventional informational aggregations; so long as the 64 logical switches are ordered and can be considered to represent information, the anomaly is valid. Unusual examples include:

* Individual LCD segments in calculator screens;

* Arrays of light switches;

* Red and black suits in a deck of cards;

* Vacancies of toilet cubicles in large buildings;

* Sets of taps being turned on or off;

* Active/inactive state of containment chamber locks.

**Addendum 2:** Previously thought to only manifest in binary "on/off" informational systems, recent developments have revealed SCP-8634-A can be considered extant in any informational format possessing at least two possible states per basic unit, so long as only two values are expressed in the affected section.

Worryingly, during testing, this has allowed SCP-8634-B to materialise in and manipulate:

* Traffic light signals;

* Artificial electromagnetic waves;

* Social networks;

* Presence of disease in populations;

* Neurons;

* DNA.

<< [SCP-8633](SCP-8633) | SCP-8634 | [SCP-8635](SCP-8635) >>

=====

> **Filename:** NVIDIA@500nm@Fixed-pipeline@NV1@STG2000X B A22CI9601 MALTA DSCx15 polysilicon@5x.jpg

> **Author:** FritzchensFritz

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:NVIDIA@500nm@Fixed-pipeline@NV1@STG2000X_B_A22CI9601_MALTA_DSCx15_polysilicon@5x.jpg

> **Filename:** Neurons (Purkinje cells).jpg

> **Author:** Lennart Rikk

> **License:** Creative Commons CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Neurons_(Purkinje_cells).jpg

=====
