@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8103 is to remain *in situ* at Woodlawn Cemetery in the Bronx, New York City, New York. Foundation disinformation campaigns are to be used to dismiss SCP-8103's effect as a mixture of coincidence and urban legendConscienta-class SCPs cannot be physically contained, necessitating that the public is led to believe they are non-anomalous..

**Description:** SCP-8103 is an instance of a *tilia tomentosa*Silver linden. tree. Sampling of SCP-8103's bark, leaves, and fruit confirm that the tree itself is non-anomalous.

SCP-8103's anomalous effect occurs towards any persons who are experiencing marital or relationship troubles. When any persons who meet this criteria place their palm against SCP-8103 for a period of ten seconds, they will be affected by a cognitohazard that results in them experiencing a moment of clarity, followed by them immediately seeking out ways to make amends in their marriages/relationships.

Commonly documented effects of SCP-8103's cognitohazard include:

* The signing up for couples and/or marriage counselling services;

* The buying of expensive and/or lavish romantic gifts;

* Marriage proposals;

* The planning of "romantic getaways" or "second honeymoons";

* Restructuring of relationships into more "open" variants;

* Reinvigoration of self-care methods;

* and emotional "opening ups".

SCP-8103 has led to a marked decrease in divorce rates and break-ups within the Bronx borough of New York City.

<< [SCP-8102](SCP-8102) | SCP-8103 | [SCP-8104](SCP-8104) >>

@@ @@

> **Filename:** linden.jpg

> **Name:**Linden Tree, Woodlawn Cemetery, Bronx, NY - September 16, 2012

> **Author:** Marty Aligata

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Linden_Tree,_Woodlawn_Cemetery,_Bronx,_NY_-_September_16,_2012.jpg
