⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains gore and gross body horror, including that of a cat.

This is a Keflanes article.

[I have an author page!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/kef-s-personnel-file)

**Item #:** SCP-8989

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Web crawlers and cell interceptors are to monitor worldwide traffic for potential reports of SCP-8989 instances. Should an instance of SCP-8989 be identified, it is to be breached if not already.

All individuals involved with a particular instance are to be debriefed and interviewed on items found within SCP-8989. Following this, standard amnestic protocols are to be applied. All items recovered from SCP-8989 are to be incinerated; exceptions to this must first be approved by the present project lead. After all necessary proceedings and investigations, the SCP-8989 instance is to be filled in with concrete.

**Description:** SCP-8989 is a poorly understood phenomenon wherein a compartment of varying shape and size will manifest somewhere within a residential dwelling; typically spawning within the walls, ceiling, or foundation of the building.

SCP-8989 instances will be completely inaccessible unless the wall, floor, or ceiling in which it is hidden is breached. SCP-8989 has been known to occasionally alter floor plans of houses in which it manifests to better accommodate itself; however, changes are often minute enough for residents to not notice.

Once it has manifested, various objects and paraphernalia relatedResearch into what SCP-8989 considers to be "related" is currently ongoing. For more information, see Document-8989.A34P to residents will go missing, only to reappear within SCP-8989. This process occurs incrementally and sporadically, following no apparent schedule. The quantity and kind of objects transported to SCP-8989 also vary wildly depending on each individual instance. Once SCP-8989 is breached,Usually defined as the interior of SCP-8989 being made visible. this process will cease, though all belongings transported to the interior of SCP-8989 will remain there.

Due to the infrequency in which SCP-8989 occurs—or alternatively, is discovered—many details of the phenomenon are unclear. To date, there have only been 15 confirmed instances of SCP-8989. The exact criteria in which SCP-8989 selects the objects it transports is unclear, although many of the items recovered are described by inhabitants as being things that they had lost or misplaced. It is unknown whether SCP-8989 is directly involved in the items going missing, or if the items are lost without its influence.

**Addendum 8989.1:** Instance logs

The following is a curated list and description of notable, confirmed instances of SCP-8989 as of 14/05/2016.

> **Case #:** SCP-8989.3

>

> **Date Discovered:** 09/12/1984

>

> **Time in Location:** ~9 months

> ~~-~~

> **Description:** Location of manifestation is a single-family residence in Thunder Bay, Ontario, Canada, inhabited by Nolan Byrne (male, 45), Vivienne Marks (female, 40), Blake Byrne (male, 13), and Annika Byrne (female, 7). Blake Byrne presents with a diagnosis of anger management issues and anxiety. No other inhabitants present medical abnormalities.

> 

> SCP-8989 manifested as a 15cm^^3^^ compartment, located in the wall between the youngest child's closet and the exterior wall of the household. The compartment was dressed with a decorative white trim and blue paint, identical to that of the room of Blake Byrne. Upon first breaching the compartment, the power in the house allegedly flickered and shut off. Objects found include the following:

>

> * $76.25 CAD ($56.32 USD) dollars worth of change.

> * Several primary teeth, including two upper molars, an upper incisor, and a lower canine. DNA matches that of Annika Byrne.

> * Numerous small children's toys, belonging to both Annika and Blake Byrne.

> * Two pacifiers.

> * The decomposing, starved, and mangled body of a *Felis catus* (cat), approximated to be aged between seven or eight at its time of death. The cadaver shows signs of partial digestion. All previous objects listed were found within its stomach.

>  * The cat's fur was discovered severely matted. Its mouth was shut with such force that its teeth had dug into its opposite gums. Further analysis of the cadaver reveals that the cat's eyes had been gouged out, and bore seventeen stab wounds across the stomach and hindquarters. The eyes of the cat were later discovered in the cat's own mouth after it had been pried open.

> ~~-~~

> **Actions Taken:** Standard amnestic protocols were administered to all involved. Items discovered within SCP-8989 were incinerated, and SCP-8989 was filled in with concrete. No further actions were deemed necessary.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** SCP-8989 was uncovered by pest control following complaints of an unbearable odor emanating from the walls of Annika Byrne's closet. Annika Byrne reports hearing "meowing" coming from her closet several months prior.

> 

> Upon questioning, Blake Byrne revealed being familiar with the cat prior to its passing, but refused to elaborate further.

> **Case #:** SCP-8989.7

>

> **Date Discovered:** 19/11/1992

>

> **Time in Location:** ~1 year, 2 months

> ~~-~~

> **Description:** Location of manifestation is a small single-family dwelling in Knob Noster, Missouri, USA, inhabited solely by Paul Cashesegra (male, 54), whose medical records indicate a diagnosis of chronic pain in the neck.

> 

> SCP-8989 manifested as an 1m x 2m x 1m compartment, located underneath the hardwood living room floor and adjacent to the fireplace - just beneath Cashesegra's couch. 

> 

> The interior walls of the compartment were composed of numerous torn, dented, and serrated steel sheets, patched together and coated with a blue-green enamel and unknown brown residue. Shattered glass, small bone fragments, and human teeth lined the lower and upper walls of the compartment, glued in place with an unidentified adhesive in a seemingly decorative fashion. The inside bore a strong scent of cigarette smoke and burnt oil. A low rumbling of unknown origin could be felt if fully immersed within the compartment.

> 

> Objects inside included the following:

> 

> * Twenty-five Diphenhydramine pills, branded *Benadryl*, scattered throughout the bottom of the compartment.

> * A pair of keys, not fitting any door or car in Cashesegra's possession.

> * Several articles of clothing, none belonging to Cashesegra, and nearly all being child-sized. All appeared to be in a state of deterioration, and were dusted in silt, dirt, and an unknown tar-like substance.

> * The drivers license of Cashesegra. The portion containing his portrait is burnt, obscuring his face in ash. The edges appear worn.

> * The partially shattered right headlight of a 1981 Chevrolet Chevette.

> * The nude torso of a male, later identified as that of Kivon Simpson (male, 35, deceased). The torso shows indications of partial digestion, and bears numerous lacerations running down the spinal cord and abdomen, as well as twenty broken ribs.

>  * The areas where appendages were formerly attached are not clean cuts, suggesting that the limbs were removed via brute force. All of Simpson's internal organs were unaccounted for, save for his eyes, which were recovered from the cavity formerly occupied by his stomach.

>  * Small pebbles and asphalt appear to have been shoved down the cavity where his neck once met his torso. The skin near the shoulder blades and middle back appear to glisten due to the quantity of small glass shards embedded within the skin. A wilted bouquet of flowers rests on his chest.

> * A damaged bicycle helmet.

> ~~-~~

> **Actions Taken:** Standard amnestic protocols were administered to all involved. The torso of Kivon Simpson was stored at Site-216 in a standard humanoid morgue unit, awaiting further analysis. All other items were incinerated, and SCP-8989 was filled with concrete. No further actions were deemed necessary.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** Investigations following the discovery of SCP-8989 showed that Kivon Simpson, husband and father of four, was the victim of a 1988 hit-and-run incident along US Highway 50, just east of La Monte, Missouri, which resulted in Simpson's expiration.

> 

> The collision with Simpson, who was riding his bicycle, was evidently violent enough to detach his left leg and arm, and leave the rest of his body egregiously disfigured. Witnesses of the incident claim that the driver who hit Simpson was driving a blue-green 1981 Chevrolet Chevette. When questioned about this, Cashesegra refused to answer. An exhumation of Simpson's grave revealed that only his head, arms, and legs remained.

> 

> The SCP-8989 manifestation was breached following Cashesegra complaining of a repeated banging coming from underneath the floorboards near his couch. Cashesegra claims to have been awoken to his name being "choked" on more than one occasion after falling asleep on his couch.

> **Case #:** SCP-8989.8

> 

> **Date Discovered:** 21/03/1994

> 

> **Time in Location:** ~4 years, 5 months

> ~~-~~

> **Description:** Location of manifestation is the fourth floor of a condominium in Santa Fe, Argentina, inhabited by Darío Echeverria (male, 28) and Carolina Sánchez (female, 25). Echeverria presents with a clinical diagnosis of chronic depression. Sánchez's medical records prove unnoteworthy.

> 

> SCP-8989 manifested as an 2m x 25cm x 2.4m compartment located within the wall separating the apartment's bedroom and entryway. 

> 

> The interior walls of SCP-8989 were composed entirely out of miscellaneous torn and splintered wooden paneling, insulation, roof shingles, and drywall, matching damage done to that of Echeverria's parents' house two years prior. The bottom of the compartment was carpeted. The entirety of the interior was heavily burnt and coated in ash. Despite this, the interior remained more than 10°C cooler than its surroundings at all times, regardless of external factors. A faint scent of paint thinner emanated from the compartment.

> 

> Upon breaching, the compartment was approximately halfway filled with a viscous, black, tar-like liquid; perpetually in a state of boiling. All following items were found immersed in the liquid:

> 

> * ~$23.50 (USD $23.52) in Argentine pesos, solely coins. All distinguishable markings on the coins had been either eroded or sanded off, and had to be manually measured in order to calculate an estimated worth.

> * The bones of various animals, including that of a rabbit, marmot, rat, squirrel, fox, and several other unidentifiable fragments. All bear signature patterns reminiscent with that of digestion, and some bones possess what appears to be bite and teeth marks.

> * A prolate spheroid cocoon-like object, found suspended in the center of the liquid—connected to the walls of the compartment in a hammock-esque fashion and tapering towards either end. The cocoon appears to pulsate and writhe. It possesses six distinct layers:

>  * The outermost shell, approximately 4cm in thickness, composed ostensibly of a solidified form of the tar-like substance. The material bears a rubbery texture and appearance, and requires significant effort to cut through.

>  * The secondary layer, roughly 10mm thick, made up of packed and hardened dead skin, genetically matching that of both Echeverria and Sánchez.

>  * The tertiary layer, approximately 16mm - 2cm thick, composed of browning woven silk, genetically identical to that from a *Bombyx mori* (silkworm). Intertwined with the silk are other animal bone fragments, pesos, and small insects. Once revealed, the cocoon began to emanate a strong putrescine stench.

>  * The quaternary layer, up to 10cm thick, made up of a large collection of tumorous nodules of varying size. Genetic testing matches that of Echeverria. Most nodules are covered in a layer of "skin", with some also possessing thin strands of hair, teeth, and in rare instances, nonfunctional quasi-organs. Gaps between nodules are filled with a solution of beeswax and human sweat.

>  * The quinary layer, 1cm in thickness, composed of miscellaneous sheets of viscera originating from humanoid stomach lining. Although not connected to anything intravenously, the tissue still bears numerous veins and arteries beneath its surface, all filled and actively pumping with blood. When touched or bisected, the membrane will flinch as though it is responding to the stimuli. Patched regions of scarring are evident on its surface. Within the membrane is amniotic fluid.

>  * The senary layer; a *Rattus rattus* (rat), suspended in a state of neither life nor death. Its claws possess fractures and also several missing digits. More rat skeletons surround it, some evidently older than others. Notably, the rat's DNA matches that of Darío Echeverria.

> ~~-~~

> **Actions Taken:** Standard amnestic protocols were administered to all involved. The cocoon has been stored in a standard refrigerated item locker at Site-216, awaiting further testing and analysis. All other items were incinerated, and SCP-8989 was filled with concrete. All leaks and damage were patched. No further actions were deemed necessary.

>  

> **Additional Notes:** The SCP-8989 was discovered following complaints by downstairs neighbors of a "syrupy black liquid" leaking through their ceiling and collecting in puddles on the floor. According to the neighbors, the liquid also bore an extremely unpleasant odor, reminiscent to that of rot.

> 

> Neighbors also reported sounds "as if someone were thrashing vigorously in a bathtub" and "frenzied scratching" from near where SCP-8989 was eventually identified. Echeverria and Sánchez report not hearing these sounds whatsoever.

> **Case #:** SCP-8989.14

> 

> **Date Discovered:** 29/07/2007

> 

> **Time in Location:** ~11 years, 11 months

> ~~-~~

> **Description:** Location of manifestation is a single-family residence near Newcastle, New South Wales, Australia. The sole inhabitant is Sawyer Harris (male, 26), who presents no medical issues as of publication. Notably, the SCP-8989 instance dates back to before Harris lived alone in the residence. Previously, Harris lived along with his grandmother Adeline Harris (female, 87, deceased), who died two years prior to SCP-8989's discovery due to Alzheimer's—a disease which allegedly runs in the Harris family. 

> 

> SCP-8989 manifested as a 1.5m x 25cm x 20cm compartment, located inside of the bottom step of the house's staircase. The interior of the compartment was initially believed to be composed of decaying wood, although this was later correctly identified as equine bone marrow. The walls were thoroughly coated in a yellowed viscid veneer. Objects found include the following:

> 

> * Several player pieces from the board game *Monopoly*.

> * A large quantity of dirt and soil. The soil was identified as originating from Adeline's grave site.

> * A deteriorated Nokia 1610. The phone is perpetually ringing, receiving a call from Adeline's past phone number. The call is unable to be declined or answered, and continues to ring despite being powered on for upwards of eleven years. Sawyer was able to identify the phone as his own.

> * The apparent bodies of both Sawyer and Adeline Harris, despite Sawyer himself still being alive. Both bodies were mangled and disfigured in such a way as to both fit within SCP-8989. Adeline's corpse showed significant decomposition, consistent with her date of passing, and required DNA testing to properly identify her body. Indeed, upon exhuming Adeline's site of burial, her coffin was discovered to be completely empty. Adeline's body displays indications of digestion.

>  * The body resembling Sawyer has yet to show any signs of decomposition as of publication, and upon further analysis, was found to contain no internal organs whatsoever. Its skin is pale and translucent; the body possessing no blood or veins. The texture of its skin and innards has been corroborated as being similar to that of a rubber eraser. The body possesses no pores, fingerprints, or creases on the palms and feet, and a small hole is carved into the back of its head, wherein the Nokia 1610 was recovered. There is no evidence to suggest that the "corpse" was ever living; DNA testing of the body, however, does match that of Sawyer. The eyes of Adeline were discovered buried within the abdomen of the false body, looking upwards towards the face.

> ~~-~~

> **Actions Taken:** Standard amnestic protocols were administered to all involved. SCP-8989 was filled in with concrete. The cadaver of Adeline Harris and recreation of Sawyer Harris were stored in standard mortuary lockers in Site-216. All other items were incinerated.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** SCP-8989 was discovered following Sawyer Harris becoming aware of an extra step in the house's staircase when compared to a photograph dating back to before SCP-8989's manifestation. Additionally, he would report hearing sounds of "wailing", "sobbing", and "choking" originating near SCP-8989's position. Sawyer would ultimately breach SCP-8989 himself after a period of deliberation. Notably, Sawyer reported no smell prior to the opening of SCP-8989.

**Addendum 8989.2:** Update

On 16/05/2016, immediately following the initial publication, an additional instance of SCP-8989 was located, the details of which have been appended below.

> **Case #:** SCP-8989.15

> 

> **Date Discovered:** 16/05/2016

> 

> **Time in Location:** ~2 days

> ~~-~~

> **Description:** Location of manifestation is a dormitory at Site-216 in McAlester, Oklahoma, United States. It was solely inhabited by Foundation employee Dr. Sara Warner (female, 31, deceased), who presented no medical ailments prior to her expiration. Notably, Warner was the former project lead of SCP-8989.

> 

> SCP-8989 manifested within the stomach of Dr. Sara Warner. Her corpse was discovered two days following her allegedly complaining of a stomach ache to a colleague, collapsed over the toilet in the dormitory bathroom. Large amounts of viscid black liquid was discovered in the toilet and Site-216 septic system. Objects found include the following:

> 

> * Four syringes, still filled with hazardous compounds.

> * A large amount of black, viscous, tar-like fluid—far exceeding the average carrying capacity of an adult female stomach.

> * Six rats, two of which still living. The living rats were actively attempting to escape SCP-8989 upon recovery.

> * A brick of concrete, found to be originating from the cement used to fill a previous instance of SCP-8989.

> * Dr. Warner's wallet.

> * Dr. Warner's SCP-8989 research logs.

> * Dr. Warner's eyes.

> ~~-~~

> **Actions Taken:** Dr. Warner was placed in a standard mortuary locker in Site-216. Items found within SCP-8989 were incinerated, including Dr. Sara Warner's stomach in its entirety. No further actions were deemed necessary.

> 

> **Additional Notes:** Further research is to be conducted as soon as possible on the criteria in which SCP-8989 selects its victims.

<< [SCP-8988](SCP-8988) | SCP-8989 | [SCP-8990](SCP-8990) >>
