**Item #:** SCP-8658

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All data pertaining to SCP-8658 originating on or prior to June 12, 2009, including the contents of Addenda 8658.2 and 8658.3, are restricted to personnel with level 8658.3 clearance or higher. 

The volume of SCP-8658 is to be measured using ground-penetrating radar at least bimonthly. Any fluctuations in sand volume beyond expected long-term erosionCurrently estimated at one m^^3^^ per 750 years. are to be reported to supervisory staff immediately. Large-scale sea-bound emplacements which impede the forces of erosion are currently in development.

Ilha de Voz is to be permanently obscured via Donovan holoprojector. A security perimeter at five kilometers from the shores of the island, consisting of at least two fully-staffed Foundation interceptor craft at any given time, is to be persistently maintained. All civilian and state military vessels are to be redirected around the security perimeter under the pretext of potential unexploded marine ordnance.

Entering the security perimeter, approaching, attempting to land on, or conducting research on Ilha de Voz, and interaction with SCP-8658 are forbidden to all personnel lacking 8658.3 clearance or higher.

All communication with SCP-8658 is to be logged verbatim in Communications Log 8658.2. This log is to be monitored by the current Project SUBMERGE director Dr. Matilde Gabriela da Conceição Macieira as of %%updated_at|%m/%d/%Y%%.  for any long-term or persistent changes in coherence. Routine conversational evaluations are to be conducted at least once every sixty days.

Public knowledge of Ilha de Voz itself has been subject to a Foundation disinformation campaign via Project SUBMERGE, and the general population falsely believes it to have been destroyed in a catastrophic volcanic eruption on October 28th, 1993, which subsequently decreased its elevation below sea level. Details on Project SUBMERGE are available to researchers with 8658.3 clearance upon request.

**Description:** SCP-8658 is a stretch of pink-sand beach approximately 210 meters in length located on the western shore of the island of Ilha de Voz An uninhabited island, approximately 8 km^^2^^, located 214 km southeast of Portugal in the Atlantic Ocean.  which is capable of speech. Research utilizing ground-penetrating radar indicates that speech production by SCP-8658 is achieved through the creation and rearrangement of subsurface cavities in the sand, which sympathetically resonate with the sound of incoming and outgoing waves to produce audible phonemes. 

SCP-8658 also responds to external stimuli, primarily in the form of reacting to words spoken in its vicinity Testing on response radius indicates a “hearing” range of approximately 20 meters. . When SCP-8658 “knows” the language spoken in its vicinity, it will respond in the same language. Otherwise, it responds in Latin. SCP-8658 responds in nearly all current and extinct languages endemic to the greater Mediterranean region dating back to approximately 2000 BCE, as well as English, Russian, Danish, Dutch, German, Oromo, Somali, Amharic, and Standard Mandarin.

 

The object’s comprehension of immediate or historical reality is both limited and erratic, and its responses frequently exhibit various neologisms and grammatical eccentricities as well as a tenuous connection to the content of posed questions; therefore, information provided by the object should be considered unreliable. For representative examples of communication with SCP-8658, see Addendum 8658.A.

Compositional analysis of small but representative samples of sand from SCP-8658 indicates the individual grains are eroded from the skeletons of *Corellium rubrum*.Commonly known as red or precious coral. Individual grains exhibit a nearly-undetectable thaumaturgic field directly correlated to their mass,0.032 picowelkins/mg with the strength of the field increasing exponentially as individual grains are adjacent or in very near proximity to one another. Notably, field-strength measurements exhibit this pattern regardless of the location of the sand, indicating that SCP-8658's anomalous effects are inherent to its composition and not its location.

Analysis of sediment deposits and outflow from the Mediterranean Sea westward indicate that the origin of SCP-8658 eroded unnaturally rapidly Based on small particulate spread, the erosion event in question is estimated to have lasted approximately eight seconds.  through an unknown anomalous process from a *Corellium rubrum* formation located off the western coast of Sardinia circa 880 BCE. In order for this formation to have been the source of the requisite amount of sand when considering outflow loss, best estimates place its area at or around 24,000 km^^2^^. Approximately the size of the island of Sardinia itself.  The origin of SCP-8658’s thaumaturgic field is currently unknown.

SCP-8658 became known to the Foundation on July 4, 1973, after longstanding local legends in Morocco and Portugal about the “ghosts of Ilha de Voz” led Portuguese operatives to investigate.

**Addendum 8658.A:** Representative Communication Logs

The following logs are excerpts from Communication Log 8658.2 that are considered to be representative samples of interactions and exchanges with SCP-8658, selected from over 200 separate experiments between June 2009 and October 2020. As of %%updated_at|%m/%d/%Y%% there has been no measurable change to the coherence or manner of response either to control statements (noted below) or to novel or test statements since the beginning of records in Communication Log 8658.2 in June 2009. In each case, SCP-8658 can be assumed to be the interviewee. Interview protocol requires a sixty-second silence from SCP-8658 before continuing with subsequent questions.

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Lyla Elischeck, Research Team Lead

> 

> **Preface:** Interview conducted in English on December 14, 2010.

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Elischeck:** What color is the sky? (*Note: this is one of sixty-four standard control questions.*)

> 

> **SCP-8658:** When sleep and dream cross. When we looked at each other, where were we? When were we there? Was that a time not so long ago? Or were we young then among the waves? 

> 

> **Elischeck:** Can you tell me more about that? When you were young?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** There are swimmings there. There are brocshings Not an English word, nor does it scan to any words in other languages known by SCP-8658.  there. You never see such things after a fashion. A door and pillar. Eight of. Eight of fourteen. Eight of twelve. No, it’s the wrong count, but that one snuffs us out. A long chain in the valley, no, the —

> 

> (*Forty eight seconds of silence.*))

> 

> **SCP-8658:** A longer chain. A longer chains [sic] in the valley. The valley over everything. Thirteen of them. Thirteen to one. Would you care for a spot of tea? Darling, I insist. Darling! Oh, oh darling! Please believe... Do you take one. One lump or eight? That one snuffs us out. And a spot of darling. Oh. Oh. Your heart. My head is splitting.

> 

> (*Sixty seconds of silence*))

> 

> **Elischeck:** (*to research team*) Noting that subject is exhibiting poor lucidity. Second and final attempt of this year tomorrow morning, December the Fifteenth, 2010, oh-nine-hundred hours. Let's hope giving it a day does it some good.

> 

> [END LOG]

> **Interviewer:** Senior Researcher Francis Meriwether

> 

> **Preface:** Interview conducted in English on August 10, 2017.

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Meriwether:** What color is the sky?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** Gathering mirror touch the breath of shousand [sic] scurf [sic]. Bring a lady ten hundred ten thousand ten and ten, who is at it again. Bring a pope. She will look at it and cope a pope rope. Antelope slope. (*brief pause*) The loveliest daughter, she is so proud. Her breath turns the moon, turn turns the moon she cries, tears of a m—

> 

> **Meriwether:** (*interrupting*) Do you know where you are?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** (*at a significantly faster rate of speech*) Bring one. Bring one ton. Bring it back and scoop it in. Scoop it droop it troop it. Troop a fland [sic] back on what you know in your own time and you can talk walk. Walk up along and you can talk. Talk. Talk. Talk.

> 

> (*Fifty six seconds of silence.*)

> 

> **SCP-8658:** Talk.

> 

> (*Sixty seconds of silence.*)

> 

> **Meriwether:** (*to research team*) I think we ought to pack up. I doubt we’ll get much more out of it today. Seems particularly disjointed —

> 

> **SCP-8658:** Talk talk talk talk talk talk — (*SCP-8658 repeats the word “talk” three hundred eighty six times before falling silent and issuing no further replies.*)

> 

> [END LOG]

Note: Senior Researcher Meriwether received a formal reprimand for failure to follow time-delay procedures by interrupting SCP-8658.

> **Interviewer:** Senior Researcher M. Abdelhamid Benyoucef

> 

> **Preface:** Interview conducted in Arabic on September 3, 2020 and translated into English by Researcher Benyoucef.

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Benyoucef:** What swims in the sea and has gills? (*Note: this is one of sixty-four standard control questions.*)

> 

> **SCP-8658:** Sorrow. Sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow. Sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow. Sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow. Sorrow sorrow sorrow. Sorrow. Sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow sorrow. Sorrow sorrow.

> 

> **Benyoucef:** Is sorrow what you feel?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** Sorrow. When the line opens the splitting. It holds them in a box. It. It — it *held* them in a box. 

> 

> **Benyoucef:** Please tell me more about the box. What did it hold?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** The splitting. The sorrow.

> 

> [END LOG]

@@@@ @@@@

@@@@ @@@@

## ##crimson|8658.3 clearance verified. Displaying complete file:##

**Addendum 8658.B:** Details of Incident 8658.1

On June 12, 2009, between 0348 UTC and 0959 UTC, Foundation communications were anomalously interrupted in a radius of approximately 600 kilometers centered on or near the Strait of Gibraltar. At some point during this time, a cargo vessel believed to be under the command of operatives from the Serpent’s Hand was able to access Ilha de Voz and engage in the theft of approximately 7,800 metric tons of sand from SCP-8658. Estimated to comprise 70-75% of the total volume of the object at that time. 

The vessel appeared on no instruments during its approach and was able to execute the theft nearly undetected. At 0936 UTC, Harald Vestergaard, a Foundation agent aboard one of the perimeter interceptors, visually confirmed the existence of the Serpent’s Hand vessel and called to change course to engage. When the interceptor was within a kilometer, the vessel pulled immediately away from the shore and out to the open Atlantic at an estimated 78 knots.144.5 km/h The following is an excerpt from an interview with Agent Vestergaard describing subsequent events:

> **Interviewer:** Dr. George Gephardt, Project SUBMERGE Team Lead

> 

> **Interviewee:** Agent Harald Vestergaard

> 

> **Preface:** Interview conducted at 1045 UTC on June 13, 2009.

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Gephardt:** How was the cargo craft able to escape?

> 

> **Vestergaard:** First off, it was half again as fast as us, at least.

> 

> **Gephardt:** A cargo ship? Half again as fast as a Foundation interceptor?

> 

> **Vestergaard:** I don’t know what you want me to say.

> 

> **Gephardt:** (*sound of shuffling papers*) I just want to figure out how this happened. Agent, the report says you, quote, ‘lost visual contact with the craft when it entered the Atlantic Ocean.’ Can you clarify that for me?

> 

> **Vestergaard:** Yeah. It went into the ocean.

> 

> **Gephardt:** We’ve already established you were both sailing west, away from Ilha de Voz, into the Atlant — 

> 

> **Vestergaard:** No. It tipped forward and it dove *into* the ocean. Under the surface of the water. There was some wake churn, some bubbles. Then it was just gone.

> 

> [END LOG]

Following Incident 8658.1, SCP-8658’s coherence and awareness were immediately and dramatically diminished. By order of the Project SUBMERGE Team Lead, on June 14, 2009, all experiment logs dated prior to Incident 8658.1 were restricted to 8658.3 clearance and codified as Communications Log 8658.1.

**Addendum 8658.C:** Representative Excerpt from Communications Log 8658.1

The following is an excerpt from an experiment conducted on SCP-8658 prior to Incident 8658.1. The excerpt has been selected for clarity, contrast, and informational context. Displayed speech patterns by SCP-8658 in this log can be considered to be representative of the object’s speech prior to Incident 8658.1. Note that, at this time, the procedural sixty seconds of silence following SCP-8658’s responses was not yet observed.

> **Interviewers:** Dr. George Gephardt, Project SUBMERGE Lead, Dr. Matilde Gabriela da Conceição Macieira, Assistant Lead

> 

> **Preface:** Interview conducted in English on February 3, 1989.

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Gephardt:** What color is the sky?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** At times, the blue of the sea reflected in the heavens. At others, it is the ink at the depths of an ocean trench.

> 

> **Gephardt:** Thank you. Last time we spoke, we discussed the nature of your birth.

> 

> **SCP-8658:** We believe we agreed to call it an awakening.

> 

> **Gephardt:** Your awakening, then.

> 

> **SCP-8658:** Yes. We ran out of time to explain further as the tide left us, as we recall.

> 

> **Gephardt:** You had mentioned that you began to wake after the vault on the seafloor began to open. Can you tell me more about that?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** It would be our pleasure. The vault was a door surrounded by great pillars built into the floor of the sea by the Folk. Long has been their reign. Many have been their lives, and great has been their knowledge. This vault was built many ages ago, in the long past. For all these ages, it was sealed tight, until the last. A crack, nothing more than a knife's edge, the barest slit, and out crept slivers of the wonder inside. Out they slunk and they bathed us, suffused us, until we began to know one another and know ourselves. We began to become of them. The things in their memories — we were a great red mirror for them. And over time those things were deeply etched into the surface of the mirror. Until one day, when the doors blew open and the sheer magnificence within dissolved us, carried us far and away. Now here we remain.

> 

> **Gephardt:** Do you know where exactly this was?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** We were to the west of the island you call Sardinia.

> 

> (*Sounds of shuffling papers are heard.*)

> 

> **da Conceição Macieira:** There’s no known large Finnfolk settlement in that region.

> 

> **Gephardt:** You’re certain it was Sardinia and not Santorini?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** We are as certain as the sunrise. Perhaps you are confused because it was not large.

> 

> **Gephardt:** The settlement?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** And the vault. Once there were three. One family. One ill woman, who could not be saved, who in her youth quaked and trembled and in adulthood wasted away and wasted away and who melted in agony, slowly, slowly into the seafoam. One strong woman. A craftswoman. A craftswoman so skilled she could swing her pick and carve glaciers from the sea, who could bring down her hammer and seal ruptures in the heart of the world. And their daughter. Their daughter so perfect, their daughter whose smile lifted the sun above the waves and whose breath blew the moon across the sky.

> 

> **Gephardt:** The craftswoman built the vault? To what end?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** One day, years after the first woman had passed, their daughter began to tremble. And in that moment her living mother knew that the sickness in the other mother’s body had been born anew in her daughter. They traveled long and far. Many thousands of miles for a dozen years. To far-flung islands and deeps of pitch. They consulted with the twisters of flesh and, blasphemously, even with those of genocidal hearts of iron. No poultice nor balm nor ancient remedy shifted the course of the quakes. So at last they settled in the loveliest place they had seen in their travels, and the mother told her daughter they would spend her last days there in peace. The mother dug the vault and covered its walls in runes. And it was there, looking out over our blood-red expanse, that she drove her pick through her daughter’s heart, giving her no time even for surprise, and laid her body tenderly in the vault. And it was then, in the depths of her mourning, that she brought down her hammer and crushed her own skull. The vault sealed itself and the two of them lay there for what they believed and intended to be all time and eternity, until the world’s devouring.

> 

> **da Conceição Macieira:** It didn’t last.

> 

> **SCP-8658:** They were too beautiful, too terrible to contain. In the unrest of their spirits they became something greater than themselves all at once, and the doors of the vault flew open and we were scattered to the sea. And we, in our turn, have become something greater than ourselves.

> 

> (*Thirty three seconds of silence.*)

> 

> **Gephardt:** My questions is, why would the mother seal herself and her daughter in the vault? She could have been laid to rest at sea, or anywhere else. Why go through all the trouble in death?

> 

> **SCP-8658:** It is simple. Through the meticulousness of her craft, the vault was built to hold all she remembered. Which of us is not terrified of forgetting?

> 

> [END LOG]

<< [SCP-8658](SCP-8658) | SCP-8658 | [SCP-8658](SCP-8658) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]

> **Filename:** beach.jpg

> **Author:** Rüdiger Stehn

> **License:** CC SA-BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Bahamas_1989_(348)_Eleuthera_Pink_Sand,_Harbour_Island_(24358829015).jpg
