[[include <a href="/component:preview">component:preview</a>

text=There's a clog in the tub drain. It looks like hair and… [illegible text beneath scribbles], but I can't get it to clear out.

]]

**SCP-8454:** Drain Clog

**Author:** 

**Original:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8454

**Item #:** SCP-8454

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Access to SCP-8454 and the surrounding property is limited to Foundation and authorized Class-D personnel. Foundation personnel should not be exposed to SCP-8454 for more than 24 hours cumulatively. Personnel with exposure exceeding this limit are to be amnesticized and reassigned at the discretion of the project lead.

**Description:** SCP-8454 refers to a bathtub drain in a ranch house, which is attached to a secluded cattle farm in Oklahoma. Prolonged exposure to SCP-8454 induces visual and verbal auditory hallucinations, feelings of extreme paranoia, dread, and guilt, self-harm, and suicidal ideation. SCP-8454 was discovered after the unexplained disappearance of the ranch house's former inhabitants, Erin and Jonathon Moore. Upon further investigation, the Foundation recovered a journal belonging to Jonathon Moore in the main bedroom of the residence.

**Addendum 8454-1:** Journal Entries of Jonathon Moore

> **6/18/1998**

> Ungrateful brat wouldn't eat dinner. She won't even talk to me. She's always like this. She would never have complained if her mom were still around. I should still have a case in the fridge.

> **6/19/1998**

> I didn't mean to! I didn't fucking mean to! I did **not** mean to. **She** pushed **me**.

> **6/20/1998**

> She's gone. It took a while and was messy, but I think this will work. I haven't bathed in days. The bathroom is fucked. I've been running the water for hours and still can't shower in there. I should think about selling the house... It wasn't my fucking fault.

> **6/23/1998**

> There's a clog in the tub drain. It looks like hair and... [illegible text beneath scribbles], but I can't get it to clear out. I even replaced the pipes. There was nothing in them. No hair. Nothing. But it's still bubbling. The water is red. I'm sure I'm just tired. I'll snake the line tomorrow, just in case.

> **6/25/1998**

> It's not real. Her eyes were softer. Get the fuck out of my house! Get out! What do you want? Stop looking at me like I'm a fucking monster.

> **6/29/1998**

> **She's in there.** Her fingers clawed at me like she wanted to pull me down the fucking drain. I hear her voice whispering to me. Laughing at me. She won't leave me the fuck alone. She wants me to beg.

> **6/30/1998**

> I'm sorry, Erin. I didn't mean to. [Remaining text is smeared with red stains.]

**Afterword:** Notably, the voice emanating from SCP-8454 is male.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8453](SCP-8453) | SCP-8454 | [SCP-8455](SCP-8455) >>

> **Filename:** drain_clog.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8454/drain_clog.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** Original art commissioned by Charmwife333

@@ @@
