=====

=====

/* DIV BLOCKS stolen from lt flops */

.quote-block{

    border: 2px double #999;

    background-color: #f4f4f4;

    padding: .25em 1em;

    margin-bottom: 1em;

}

.report-box{

    border: 2px solid rgb(12, 12, 12);

    background-color: white;

    padding: .25em 1em;

    margin-bottom: 1em;

}

**[More by this author](http://www.scp-wiki.net/ellie3-gimmick-free)**

Image source: https://www.flickr.com/photos/stephen_douglas/94530118

**Item #:** SCP-8308

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:**  SCP-8308 has been legally pronounced dead. Ownership of its works has been passed on to the Wilhelm estate. All known public recordings of SCP-8308's livestream have been deleted.

SCP-8308 is contained within a standard humanoid containment cell. Should SCP-8308 become responsive at any point, Site Director Richard Donn is to be notified immediately.

**Description:** SCP-8308 is Tony Wilhelm, author of ██ novels in the 'pulp fantasy' genre. It assertedly has the ability to perceive other realities, which highly resemble SCP-8308's novels. However, it is currently unknown how much of its work was inspired by its visions. The exact mechanisms and limits of SCP-8308's abilities are also unknown.

On 02/12/2024, SCP-8308 began a livestream on the social media platform ██████, which it began by announcing that it would be writing its next novel over the next week. It then began to narrate a chronological sequel to its previous work, *The Mourner's Magiks*, in extreme, monotonous detail, which did not fit its previous style of writing. Throughout this narration, it looked directly at its webcam, did not blink, and took no breaks whatsoever.

On 05/12/2024, approximately 87 hours from the beginning of SCP-8308's livestream, Foundation webcrawler Memo-02 ("Marathon") alerted the local Site-309 to its unusual activity. After some deliberation, the livestream was shut down and an investigation proceeded.

@@@@ @@@@ @@@@ @@@@ @@@@

**Addendum:**

### Recovery

SCP-8308 was found at its home in Poplar Grove, Illinois, where it was still narrating its novel to its webcam, seemingly unaware that its access to the ██████ streaming platform had been blocked. Despite not having moved for around 90 hours, it did not show any signs of having urinated or otherwise dirtied himself.

SCP-8308, which continued its narration, did not react to any Foundation agents' attempts at communication as it was brought to a Site-309 Kant [Hume](and-this-one-explains-humes ) Imager, where a Hume level of ~340 was observed localized within its brain. This level did not change until approximately 34 hours later, at which it dropped to a baseline, nonanomalous level as SCP-8308 stopped narrating. Notably, this final narration did not bring any narrative conclusion to the story of the sequel, instead stopping in the middle of a dialogue exchange.

Dr. Noah Addams was then able to conduct an interview with SCP-8308, which became responsive.

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Addams:** Mr. Wilhelm?

**SCP-8308:** Hmm? Ah, this is different. Quite different. And not quite what I'm looking for. But I suppose I can always expand my range.

**Dr. Addams:** ...Tony? I'd like to ask you--

**SCP-8308:** Not sure if my publisher will like it, though.

**Dr. Addams:** Mr. Wilhelm, please. I'd like to ask you some questions.

**SCP-8308:** Ah, wait...

*SCP-8308 looks to its sides, then at Dr. Addams.*

**SCP-8308:** It seems like I'm here, then. You seem important. Dignified. Royalty, perhaps? What was it you said, your highness?

**Dr. Addams:** Dr. Addams is fine. I wanted to know more about your livestream, specifically--

**SCP-8308:** Oh, yes! My *look* into the wonderful world of Descotes. It's one of my favorites, even if not many exciting events happen.

**Dr. Addams:** Why did you decide to livestream this... so-called look?  

**SCP-8308:** Creative processes are everything these days. I just wanted to share mine. Surely a woman of your stature should understand. You must show the little ones your own process, sometimes. To demonstrate.

**Dr. Addams:** Demonstrate what?

*SCP-8308 points to himself.*

**SCP-8308:** The *gap.*

*Dr. Addams pauses for a moment.*

**Dr. Addams:** I see. And can you tell me your process?

*SCP-8308 raises an eyebrow.*

**SCP-8308:** I'd prefer not to.

**Dr. Addams:** Wh-- what do you mean?

**SCP-8308:** I'd really rather not.  

**<End Log>**

SCP-8308 became unresponsive for the rest of the interview. Upon being escorted to a containment cell, SCP-8308 sat in a chair and has since remained motionless, showing no need to blink, eat, drink, urinate, or defecate.

Due to the hypothetical nature of SCP-8308's abilities, further investigations & interviews have been attempted. However, SCP-8308 has shown to be immune to amnestics, psychic suggestion (through both paratechnology and/or reality-bending), memetics, and other miscellaneous anomalous measures.

On 14/03/2025, during a routine inspection within the Site-309 Kant Hume Imager, SCP-8308 became responsive for a moment, and the Hume levels localized within SCP-8308's brain rapidly elevated to around ~360. It closed its eyes, opened its mouth, then shook its head. SCP-8308 then spoke:

I'd prefer not to anymore. Not here.

SCP-8308 has been unresponsive since.

= << [SCP-8307](SCP-8307) | SCP-8308 | [SCP-8309](SCP-8309) >>

> **Filename:** scp-8308-el.jpg

> **Name:** Webcams suck

> **Author:** Stephen Douglas

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/stephen_douglas/94530118)
