**Item #:** SCP-8846

**Object Class:** NoneACS class definitions cannot use ACS classes.

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8846 must not be used.

> In the event SCP-8846 becomes used, the NARCISSUS Protocol is to be enacted.

**Description:** 

SCP-8846 is the unsupported classification within the Anomaly Classification System (ACS) 'Aconcentra', a shorthand for the class 'Pending/Concentra'.

 The ACS, by design, is capable of supporting an interaction between any two classifications, even contradictory ones IE. Thaumiel/Apollyon.. SCP-8846 is one of few known exceptions to this.

Should SCP-8846 become used, it will corrupt any files classified under it due to emergent behavior from the 'Pending/Concentra' classification. As 'Pending' refers to anomalies which have not yet been classified, and 'Concentra' refers to anomalies affecting recursive phenomenon, the ACS assumes that the item cannot be classified until recursive behavior occurs Per the definition of 'Pending'. , and that recursive behavior will not occur until the item is classified Per the definition of 'Concentra' as a subclass. . This definition is in itself recursive, and the ACS cannot compensate for it, invariably resulting in file corruption.

> = Addendum: NARCISSUS Protocol

> ~~-~~

The NARCISSUS protocol is comprised of two steps: Identification, and Activation.

Identification involves finding a suitable center for the protocol. Suitable centers must possess the following characteristics:

# Having been diagnosed with narcissistic personality disorder by a medical professional. This diagnosis must have been sustained over no less than 30 months.

# Having no more than 3 close friends.

# Having no extant family.

# Having no large public footprint, nor any successful internet endeavors IE. An account on a social media platform with a large number of 'followers'. .

This individual must then be designated 'POI-8846'.

Activation involves the interaction of POI-8846 and an anomaly classified under SCP-8846.  Following or during Identification, POI-8846 will have become the essophysical The study of tangible concepts.  embodiment of being 'self-centered'. Both geometrically and ontologically, POI-8846's center will be themself. From this point on, any interaction with POI-8846's center will inherently be recursive As is any interaction in which an element contains itself as a nested sub element. .

POI-8846's center is to interact with the anomaly classified under SCP-8846. Due to the recursive nature of this interaction, the anomaly will technically become related to recursive phenomenon and be classified as 'Concentra'. SCP-8846 will no longer be used.

Should POI-8846 survive the interaction, they are to be amnesticized and returned to their prior life. The POI-8846 designation is to be rendered null.

---

<< [SCP-8845](SCP-8845) | SCP-8846 | [SCP-8847](SCP-8847) >>
