= SCP-8085

= An article set in the **Time Perverse**

= by 

---

= 

= 

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains depictions of aphobia and the implication of sexual assault. Proceed at your own risk.

=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8085

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Individuals who report arousal in the presence of desert grassland whiptail lizards are to be detained and interrogated. They are to be amnesticized or disposed of, if deemed necessary.

Foundation webcrawler I/O CNEMIDUS must monitor the global population of the desert grassland whiptail lizard for any reports of unusual behavior. Any reports of these or any other asexual animals acting erratically are to be scrubbed and any witnesses are to be amnesticized.

**Description:** SCP-8085 is a phenomenon affecting the Desert Grassland Whiptail Lizard (*Aspidocelis uniparens*), a species characterized by their all-female population and asexual reproduction.  Due to SCP-8085, members of this species will emit vocalizations akin to those of a human once in their lifetime. These vocalizations are incoherent, but have been described as “distressing” and “painful” by witnesses.

@@ @@

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The remainder of this document is redacted with [Level 6/8008](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8008 ) clearance.

— Maria Jones, Director of RAISA

<details>
<summary>+ Click to proceed</summary>

**Addendum 8085-1:**

SCP-8008 was an Enochian anomalous event centered around one SCP-8008-2, a being that altered fundamental aspects of reality through use of extreme ontokinetic manipulation. Due to the following events, SCP-8085 is thought to have been partially affected by SCP-8008.

On 06/11/2023, during the routine inspection of the 500,000 corpses found in SCP-8008-A, an unusually large corpse of a desert grassland whiptail lizard was found, designated SCP-8085-α. The yellow lines on its loin spelled the following: *vesta.txt*.

Following this discovery, HANAZONO.AIC flagged a single text file within SCP-8008-C. The contents of *vesta.txt* indicate that its author wasn't SCP-8008-2 but through the aftereffects of the transtemporal cognito-miasma that followed PROJECT TIMEGELD, it entered its possession. *vesta.txt* was promptly decrypted and added to the SCP-8085 documentation:

He never stops. He never stops. He and everyone else. But especially him. An owl arrived today with a letter from him. In white over white it just said: 

> «*Actually, it's not natural. Not natural at all. Because biology doesn't work like that. Sexual reproduction is the primary drive for all animals, and humans, like you and me, like to reproduce sexually. It's quite literally what Freud said. So, not wanting to do it is unnatural. Do you understand what that means? It means that you're either lying, or broken. And I will fix you.*»

And now I want to tear off my skin.

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8084](SCP-8084) | SCP-8085 | [SCP-8086](SCP-8086) >>

=====

> **Filename:** WHIPTAIL,_DESERT_GRASSLAND_(Aspidoscelis_uniparens)_(6-20-09)_cave_creek,_az_-01_(3657715036).jpg

> **Author:** ALAN SCHIEMER

> **License:** CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:WHIPTAIL,_DESERT_GRASSLAND_(Aspidoscelis_uniparens)_(6-20-09)_cave_creek,_az_-01_(3657715036).jpg

=====
