#page-title {

    display: none;

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** MTF Phi-7 ("Deep and Greedy") will explore, then seal, all SCP-8698 instances. Preventing the appearance of new instances is not believed possible.

**Description:** SCP-8698 denotes an array of structures sporadically appearing beneath the Namib Desert in southern Africa. These range in temporal origin from the ancient world to nearly the present date, and in scale from single-person kiosks to vast commercial complexes.

No remains have ever been found within an SCP-8698 instance. Period documentation is typically present, with identifying information universally absent.

Each new instance appears at a depth of ~100 meters, with all earlier instances shifting deeper down or laterally. 

The Namib is the Earth's oldest desert.

**Addendum 8698.1:** The first SCP-8698 instance was discovered near the site of Area-86 during the latter's 2012 re-excavation, via routine GPRGround-Penetrating Radar. survey. The array consists at present of over 300 distinct structures, not all of which have been fully explored.

A representative sample has been curated by Dr. A. Jallow of the Department of Down, Area-86:

> **SCP-8698-1**

> 

> Located ~100 meters below surface at time of discovery. Lying horizontal at ~90 degrees.

> 

> Structure is a glass skyscraper of 21st century construction. Contains an international bank headquarters. 

> 

> Documentation includes audit notifications from multiple regulatory bodies, mortgage foreclosure schedules, a profit and loss projection, a comparison between the former two items, and appointment books describing multiple meetings with un-named "lobbyists".

> **SCP-8698-7**

> 

> Located ~100 metres below surface at time of discovery. Canted at ~45 degrees.

> 

> Structure is the detached garage of a large mid-20th century suburban home. Contents include sophisticated personal computers, networking equipment, recreational devices, a sledgehammer, construction debris, and many beanbag chairs.

> 

> Documentation describes the mission statement, practices and motto of a business with unclear purpose, "[illegible].com". Cryptographical analysis of these files has yielded no coherent meaning.

> **SCP-8698-22**

> 

> Located ~20 meters east of SCP-8698-16 at time of discovery, impacting the latter's base. Upright.

> 

> Structure is a video game shop in mid-20th century brownstone. Shelves are filled with consoles and games, sticker prices inconsistent with period MSRP.

> **SCP-8698-40**

> 

> Located ~350 meters below surface at time of discovery. Upside-down.

> 

> Structure is an early 20th century fireproof iron-framed office tower. Contents are minimal, as though structure has been abandoned.

> 

> Documentation suggests structure housed a stock brokerage. Every window above the tenth story is open, allowing sand to enter.

> **SCP-8698-87**

> 

> Located ~600 meters below surface at time of discovery. Upright.

> 

> Structure is a makeshift single-story wooden office. Contents are primarily crates of quartz.

> 

> Documentation consists solely of unsigned mining company stock.

> **SCP-8698-109**

> 

> Located ~700 meters below surface at time of discovery. Tilted backward ~90 degrees to rest on rear elevation.

> 

> Structure is a perfect duplicate of South Sea House, the Edwardian-era headquarters of the South Sea Company.

> 

> All documentation had been methodically burned.

> **SCP-8698-161**

> 

> Located ~800 meters below surface at time of discovery. Canted ~25 degrees.

> 

> Structure is a petrified wooden shack of 17th century construction. Contents are typical period office supplies.

> 

> Documentation makes constant reference to ornamental plant life, though no horticultural remnants or equipment can be found.

> **SCP-8698-278**

> 

> Located ~2 kilometers below surface at time of discovery. Poor state of repair resulted in structural elements settling at various angles.

> 

> Structure is a Roman villa dating to approximately the first century CE. Windows and doors are boarded from within, and the roof is fortified. A small quantity of Roman specie is located in a vault beneath the cubiculumBedroom/office..

> 

> Documentation describes a series of loans issued from this site over a period of several decades.

At this time, the most recently-explored instance (and the instance closest to the surface) is a two-story office park resembling a bank, but containing only a massive server farm boasting top-market graphics processing units.

**Addendum 8698.2:** Seismographic devices situated at Area-86 detected a geological activity spike in the SCP-8698 array on April 20, 2025. MTF Phi-7 was deployed to investigate. A new SCP-8698 instance was found; while exploration and assessment is pending, structure has been tentatively identified as an American federal government import-export customs office.

<< [SCP-8697](SCP-8697) | SCP-8698 | [SCP-8699](SCP-8699) >>

=====

> **Filename:** image.jpg

> **Name:** DSC08037 - NAMIBIA 2013

> **Author:** Heribert Bechen

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/hb1248/32478456115/)

=====
