**Item #:** SCP-8395

**Object Class:** Apollyon

**Special Containment Procedures:** Currently, containment of SCP-8395 is considered impossible. Foundation agents planted in major observatories and media outlets are currently working to suppress all information regarding SCP-8395.

**Description:** SCP-8395 refers to a colossal, animate, extra-terrestrial entity, currently located between the orbits of Saturn and Uranus. SCP-8395 is believed to have originated within the constellation of Pisces, however this is yet to be confirmed. Long-range scanners have revealed SCP-8395 is constructed from both biological and synthetic matter; the implications of this are yet to be determined.

SCP-8395 is animate, following a somewhat irregular path towards the center of the solar system. At its current velocity, SCP-8395 is projected to collide with the Earth in approximately three weeks.

**Addendum 8395.1:** Initial Discovery

The Foundation was alerted to the presence of SCP-8395 on 7/9/2022. Long-range sensors at Site-35 detected continuous, agitated movement from [SCP-179](SCP-179), prompting an immediate response from on-site personnel. A complete transcript of their correspondence can be read below.

> **Site-35 Ground Control:** Attention, this is Dr Emilia Baker. Your movement is irregular, are you experiencing any form of distress?

> 

> **SCP-179:** Be warned, a great beast approaches this domain.

> 

> **Site-35 Ground Control:** A beast?

> 

> **SCP-179:** Oui. A wretched creature from far beyond my brother's light.

> 

> **SCP-179:** It draws closer.

> 

> **Site-35 Ground Control:** You say "great." How large are we talking here?

> 

> **SCP-179:** Immense, far grander than any being that could dwell upon your island. Referring to the Earth. 

> 

> **Site-35 Ground Control:** I'm sorry, could you be more specific?

> 

> **SCP-179:** You think you know so much, that you hold the greatest horrors within your walls of stone and iron. But they all become meaningless when presented with the leviathans of the universe.

> 

> **Site-35 Ground Control:** Is there any other information that you could give us? Anything at all?

> 

> **SCP-179:** Non, I have searched its soul. It hides its true intentions even from me. Its heart is silent, unknowable.

> 

> **SCP-179:** Terrible. Terrible thing.

Following this interaction, SCP-179 entered a dormant state, proving completely unresponsive to further communication attempts. SCP-8395 was detected entering the solar system approximately eight hours later.

**Addendum 8395/1:** Experiment Log 

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-1

> **Time:** 2:13 AM EST, 7/10/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to view SCP-8395 with a deep-space telescope.

> **Outcome:** Telescope unable to focus due to SCP-8395's proximity.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-3

> **Time:** 2:05 PM EST, 7/10/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to photograph SCP-8395 through light exposure.

> **Outcome:** Image unclear.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-7

> **Time:** 12:19 PM EST, 7/11/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to analyze SCP-8395 through spectroscopy.

> **Outcome:** SCP-8395 appears to be primarily covered in organic armor plating. Projections imply the presence of a massive artificial structure near the front end of the creature.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-15

> **Time:** 10:43 PM EST, 7/13/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to communicate with SCP-8395 using radio signals.

> **Outcome:** No response.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-24

> **Time:** 4:28 AM EST, 7/16/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to communicate with SCP-8395 using laser-based signaling.

> **Outcome:** No response.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-39

> **Time:** 7:03 PM EST, 7/18/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to communicate with SCP-8395 via psionic link.

> **Outcome:** A single member of MTF Omicron Rho was able to form a brief connection with SCP-8395, through the use of SCP-███. In the time they were connected, the agent was unable to locate any traces of complex thought. This implies SCP-8395 either possesses a high psionic resistance, or is being remotely controlled by an outside force.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-58

> **Time:** 3:54 PM EST, 7/20/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to influence SCP-8395's trajectory using non-lethal lazer weaponry.

> **Outcome:** No perceivable effect.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-86

> **Time:** 3:24 AM EST, 7/24/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to view SCP-8395 though [SCP-1396](SCP-1396).

> **Outcome:** Distance too great to get a clear view.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-87

> **Time:** 3:46 AM EST, 7/24/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to influence SCP-8395's trajectory using SCP-1396.

> **Outcome:** Due to the satellites still being in a state of disrepair, their weapons systems could not be activated within the needed window of time.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-120

> **Time:** 7:48 PM EST, 7/26/2022

> **Proposal:** Use probes to redirect asteroids within the asteroid belt, in an attempt to influence SCP-8395's trajectory.

> **Outcome:** No perceivable effect to SCP-8395's movement. Irregular movement observed across the belt imply SCP-8395 to possess its own gravitational pull

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-165

> **Time:** 9:35 PM EST, 7/28/2022

> **Proposal:** Launch probes directly into SCP-8395 in an attempt to stunt its movement.

> **Outcome:** No perceivable effect.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-191

> **Time:** 11:17 PM EST, 7/30/2022

> **Proposal:** Utilize precognitive anomalies to better determine methods of dealing with SCP-8395.

> **Outcome:** 99% of projections resulted in SCP-8395 reaching the Earth. All predicted methods of stopping the creature were determined to come at [too high a cost](scp-4100).

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-204

> **Time:** 1:03 AM EST, 8/1/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to terminate SCP-8395 using nuclear weaponry.

> **Outcome:** No perceivable effect.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-238

> **Time:** 8:57 PM EST, 8/3/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to terminate SCP-8395 using energy-based weaponry.

> **Outcome:** No perceivable effect.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-271

> **Time:** 2:01 PM EST, 8/6/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to terminate SCP-8395 using weaponry manufactured through the reverse-engineering of segments of [SCP-2069](SCP-2069).

> **Outcome:** No perceivable effect.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-319

> **Time:** 1:49 AM EST, 8/8/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to terminate SCP-8395 using [SCP-2501](SCP-2501).

> **Outcome:** ABORTED. It could not be determined the object could be handled with enough accuracy as to not pose a risk to other celestial objects.

---

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The remaining entries to this log are drafts and are yet to be approved by RAISA reviewers.

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

---

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-741

> **Time:** 2:20 PM EST, 8/9/2022

> **Proposal:** Use [SCP-8161](SCP-8161) to destroy SCP-8395.

> **Outcome:** REJECTED. Due to the unpredictable nature of the device, it could not be risked activating it.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-782

> **Time:** 3:48 PM EST, 8/9/2022

> **Proposal:** Deploy MTF agents to engage in direct combat with SCP-8395.

> **Outcome:** REJECTED. Due to the scale of the threat posed by SCP-8395, to send human personnel to interact with it would be a needless sacrifice of human lives. 

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-806

> **Time:** 4:27 PM EST, 8/9/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to exploit metaphysical anomalies to remove SCP-8395 from existence.

> **Outcome:** Failure.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-891

> **Time:** 6:46 PM EST, 8/9/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to [move the Earth out of SCP-8395's path](three-moons-initiative-hub).

> **Outcome:** Failure.

> **Experiment #:** E-8395-995

> **Time:** 9:17 PM EST, 8/9/2022

> **Proposal:** Attempt to influence SCP-8395 through prayer.

> **Outcome:** Failure.

> 

> Failure failure fucking failure. 

> 

> What- no you goddamned machine you weren't supposed to write th

> **Experiment #:** Whatever

> **Time:** Who cares

> **Proposal:** They tried to shoot it with a laser of some kind, I- they got it from the GOC? I-I don't know.

> **Outcome:** What do you think?

> Experime- oh who fucking cares? It's not like anyone's actually reading these. The whole site's been barren for the past week.

> 

> Everyone fucked off when they realized it was all pointless. All wanted to be with their families... [chuckling] ...family. Meanwhile I decided to stay back, figured I could find some way to help. "A real man doesn't run away," that's what dad always said. "That's your problem, you always give up as soon as thing get hard." [chuckling] He was so disappointed in me. Well you know what, I'm not the one who hung himself am I?

> 

> And of course I didn't go to the funeral. I was too busy writing reports on... crystal turtles or whatever the fuck. Lisa wouldn't even look at me...

> 

> But I didn't need her, I didn't need anyone. They didn't see the things I saw on a daily basis, didn't know the things I knew. I was in a whole other pond to them. Well now we're all going out together...

> 

> ...I guess there's always a bigger fish. [chuckling]

> 

> [sobbing]

> [rapid gasping]

> 

> ...I don't want to die...

> 

> [whimpering]

> **Time:** 11:58 PM, 8/11/2022

> 

> Approximately e-... eighteen minutes until impact.

> 

> [inhale]

> 

> So, I've done some research and it looks like all our servers are gearing up for something called the Good Samaritan Protocol. It says that in the event of immediate, irreversible threat to the world at large, the entire Foundation database will be broadcast out in every possible format, in hopes that civilizations on other planets can use the information gathered to figure out a way to stop it.

> 

> I... Look, I've been doing some thinking, and I don't want to spend my last moments curled up on the floor. The whole reason I stayed behind was to help, and if I can't help my own planet, the least I can do is try to help someone else's. So, I was able to rig up one of the outside security cameras to snap a photo of the sky and attach it to this document right before it's beamed into space. I just hope that... maybe if you know what you're looking for, you might have a better chance of dealing with it. Consider it a parting gift...

> 

> ...I wonder what its thinking right now. Does it know just how many lives it's about to end? Does it care? I guess now we'll never know.

> 

> Any closing remarks? I'm sorry Lisa. Sorry mom. I... I love you dad.

> 

> To whoever ends up reading this, good luck. I hope you fair better than we did. This is the SCP Foundation signing off for the last time.

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> ...

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> ...

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> ...

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> 

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> ...

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> ...

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> ...

> @@@@

> @@@@

> @@@@

> ...I fucking hate it here.

**Addendum 8395.2:** Follow-Up

Following its transit, SCP-8395 displayed a sudden increase in velocity, exiting the solar system approximately four days later. Due to its distance and location relative to the Earth, visibility of SCP-8395 from major population centers was minimal. A global misinformation campaign is currently in effect.

Shortly after SCP-8395's transit, SCP-179 was observed shifting its body to face away from the communication satellite. It appears to be using its third hand to cover its face.

For his dedication to the cause, and for going above and beyond the call of duty, Researcher Calloway has been promoted to an entry-level position within the Ethics Committee. The details of said promotion will be discussed following his mandatory three months of paid mental health leave.

<details>
<summary>Other works by this author</summary>

| %%title_linked%% | Rating: %%Rating%% |
| --- | --- |
</details>

< [SCP-8394](SCP-8394) | SCP-8395 | [SCP-8396](SCP-8396) >

> **Filename:** fishhat.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [/scp-8395 SCP Foundation Wiki] 

> **Derivative of:**

> ~~-~~-

> **Name:** Photography of a Snowy Mountain During Nighttime

> **Author:** Avery Nielsen-Webb

> **License:** Pexels License

> **Source Link:** https://www.pexels.com/photo/photography-of-a-snowy-mountain-during-nighttime-2406397/

> ~~-~~-

> **Name:** Carassius auratus auratus (goldfish) 1.jpg

> **Author:** James St. John

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Carassius_auratus_auratus_(goldfish)_1.jpg

> ~~-~~-

> **Name:** Top hat - Hardy Brothers (1).jpg

> **Author:** Toxophilus

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Top_hat_-_Hardy_Brothers_(1).jpg
