=====

=====

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:scp-trans-pride">:scp-wiki:theme:scp-trans-pride</a> |trans-pride-logo= ~~] |trans-pride-footer= ~~]]]

**Item #:** SCP-8931

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the widespread nature of SCP-8931, containment is presently not feasible. Instead, containment is to focus on information suppression. Should the anomaly’s existence be rendered explainable by mundane biology, it is to be redesignated as Explained and integrated into the scientific consensus.

**Description:** SCP-8931 designates an anomalous compound found within all humans, colloquially referred to by Foundation staff as “the chemical of forgetting.” SCP-8931 bears token resemblance to Foundation-synthesized amnestics, but is exponentially more powerful, being able to completely remove memories of up to 2 hours in length with the production of only 3-4 milliliters.

SCP-8931 is capable of entirely removing data from the hippocampus with extreme precision and finality. Memories the compound affects are not repressed, removed, or damaged (as attested by psi-capable individuals); rather, it is as if the memory was never formed in the first place. This ability to “revert” an individual’s psychological status permanently and without any trace is what has granted the SCP-8931 its anomalous classification. SCP-8931 also differs from mundane amnestics in that it affects individuals who suffer from hyperthymesia or consume high-power mnestic drugs, meaning that the vast majority of research into SCP-8931 must be done by Artificial Intelligence Constructs.

The anomalous substance is produced following events of extreme trauma. This has been theorized to be an evolutionary adaptation that prevents suicide or excessive self-mutilation by removing the distressing memories. Notably, events removed by SCP-8931 tend to be so distressing to those who witnessed them that they begin production of SCP-8931, as well as the ones who directly experienced them.

= **Addendum -- Update 02/18/2025**

On 02/18/2025, the Department of Misinformation filed a request to begin harvesting SCP-8931 production glands from the cadavers of the recently deceased. This request was rejected due to its impracticality, as the average human will only produce roughly 5 liters of SCP-8931 during their lifetime.

<< [SCP-8930](SCP-8930) | SCP-8931 | [SCP-8932](SCP-8932) >>
