**Item #:** SCP-8576

**Object Class:** Freudian

**Special Containment Procedures:** Prisoners of the Foundation held in medical comas are to have their brain activity constantly monitored for signs of SCP-8576. Those determined to be SCP-8576-1 instances are to be placed into permanent containment. Due to the nature of SCP-8576, suppression of information amongst the civilian populace is not considered high priority.

**Description:** SCP-8576 is a recurring dream, so far observed in twelve individuals (each designated SCP-8576-1). The exact criteria required for SCP-8576 manifestation is yet to be determined, as the dream has been identical in each recorded instance, regardless of demographic or lived experience. It is currently unknown whether the contents of SCP-8576 represent real locations/events, or if they are purely fictional.

**Addendum:** Transcript of Dream Contents

> The dream begins with the subject instance as a child, stood in the parking lot of a large shopping mall. They are apparently accompanied by some kind of guardian figure, however they are never seen. The lot is entirely devoid of any signs of life; there is no noise save for a gentle blowing of wind. SCP-8576-1 instances have described the scene as being 'ominous' and 'off-putting,' however within the context of the dream they do not find anything to be beyond the norm.

> 

> A vintage black car (potentially a 1984 Sedan) can suddenly be seen pulling into a distant spot. The windows are completely opaque, appearing to be either tinted, or obscured by some other interior force. No information can be collected regarding the driver of the vehicle. SCP-8576-1 instances report a 'foreboding presence' coming from the car, however they are unable to explain exactly why.

> 

> There is a sudden change in location; the subject is now stood in the mall center. Their guardian figure is no longer present, however this does not raise any alarm within them. A dull hum rings out through the space, as if from a crowd, however no other people can be seen. The walls are adorned with colorful advertisements. In all cases, SCP-8576-1 instances have only been able to recall the details of a single one, a green banner reading "It's not too late!" strung up across a nearby balcony.

> 

> After a few moments, large amounts of thick, green smoke begin to seep in from an unknown location. The sounds of the crowd shift into a low murmuring as the smoke fills up more of the space, tones of confusion and unrest can be made out. A sudden loud noise (potentially a gunshot) rings out through the space, accompanies by a cacophony of screams and cries. Humanoid silhouettes can be made out in the smoke, running past the subject. Some stumble and fall, being quickly trampled by other figures. 

> 

> The subject glances around, panicked, however they are unable to move. More bangs ring out, seemingly getting closer. A large somewhat masculine figure can be made out in the smoke, steadily approaching the subject. The grows more panicked the closer they get, attempting to run, however their feet remain firmly planted on the ground. The figure appears to be holding some kind of object in their hand, however it can not be made out through the smoke. They raise their hand to point it at the subject. There is a final bang before the scene cuts to black.

> 

> The last few moments of the dream depict a decrepit log cabin, standing in a clearing surrounded by woods. A lake and various other features can be vaguely made out in the distance. Based off descriptions by SCP-8576-1 instances, this scene appears to take place somewhere near the Rocky Mountains.

<details>
<summary>Other works by this author</summary>

| %%title_linked%% | Rating: %%Rating%% |
| --- | --- |
</details>

 << [SCP-8575](SCP-8575) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-8577](SCP-8577) >> 

> **Filename:** mall.png

> **Name:** Abandoned mall

> **Author:** Sarah Martin

> **License:** CC BY-NC 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/ladyjanegrey/9131997236/
