**Item #:** SCP-8536

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8536 must be contained in a 10 m x 10 m x 10 m heavily reinforced cell where senses of vibration, sound, and smell are completely absent. Additionally, the cell must not have surfaces that allow the entity to climb and traverse the walls and ceiling of its enclosure. Attempting to move, communicate, or breach the entity out is strictly forbidden.

Despite SCP-8536 not inherently being outright hostile to personnel, it is still extremely dangerous and will not hesitate to kill or break out should its needs not be adequately met. Therefore SCP-8536 must be kept confined in site [REDACTED].

SCP-8536 must be fed the nutritional equivalent of at least 10,000 kcal, strictly no more than 5,000,000 kcal, per day, in order to keep it pacified. It is highly important that SCP-8536 is kept within this threshold.

**Description:** Having an unknown origin, SCP-8536 assumes a 2.5 meter tall, deceptively lean humanoid figure, with pale, bony and bloody skin with scales throughout. Its most prominent feature is its facial structure, which appears to be a massive set of bullet ant-like mandibles bristling with hundreds of long, serrated, inward-curved denticles. These mandibles frame a circular, fleshy buccal cavity that recedes into the skull, completely carpeted by concentric layers of smaller, identical denticulations. 

SCP-8536 is blind, lacking ocular organs such as eyes. However, SCP-8536 has acute hearing and smell, and it can seemingly “see” the world through vibrations. Additionally, SCP-8536 has long arms and fingers. SCP-8536’s fingers terminate with razor-sharp claws. Its digitigrade legs and feet seem to also resemble a theropod dinosaur’s, with 3 forward-facing toes equipped with curved, razor-sharp claw-like structures and a smaller claw located slightly higher on the back of the ankle for gripping. When traversing at top speed, SCP-8536 runs on both its arms and legs to propel itself.

SCP-8536 displays high-intelligence and quick learning capability, as it can be "reasoned with" to some extent. That is, if it determines the relationship will benefit it. 

SCP-8536 lacks the vocal capability to speak as fluently as a human does, but it commonly makes animal-like roars, grunts, clicks, etc. It also has been discovered that SCP-8536 has a very crude sound-mimicking ability, which many personnel find to be rather unsettling.

SCP-8536 demonstrates an overwhelming will to live. It will do virtually anything it possibly can to ensure its survival, however it has been observed to be a creature that usually prefers the “easy way out”.

SCP-8536 has been observed to have exceptional adaptation capabilities. It can increase its physical strength, cellular density, and tenaciousness, to almost what appears to be an indefinite value, as the Foundation currently lacks the tools required to properly give a measurable value, since SCP-8536 constantly broke each testing apparatus. 

It could possibly be that SCP-8536 has an upper limit, but as of current thinking, most believe that it may very well be near infinite. This trait does not apply to its speed, however, which is constantly at an observed maximum of roughly 50 km/h, regardless of how much it increases its capabilities. Furthermore, it was found out that the speed at which SCP-8536 adapts is heavily influenced by the amount of food it consumes. To put it into simple terms, the more food it eats, the faster it can adapt, and the more it can adapt.

It has been observed that between its scales, blood appears to seep out whenever it attempts to increase its cellular density, with actions such as hardening its scales. It is theorized that SCP-8536's blood could be used to harden materials, however this theory has not been tested.

Its overwhelming power comes at a great cost. SCP-8536 must consume proportional sustenance in order to support itself, requiring more as it enhances its abilities. It cannot easily sustain a strengthened version of itself for long without proper nutritional support. 

Adding on to this, it has been observed that SCP-8536, when starved, will go into a “frenzy” and kill anything and everything on sight to consume it, until satiated. During this period, researchers noted that its intelligence appeared to drop significantly.

In the case of a containment breach, SCP-8536 must be tracked and recaptured by at least 3 Mobile Task Forces, equipped with auditory, olfactory, and seismic deterrents.
