@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-8231

**Object Class:** Anomalous

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8231 is housed in a secure containment chamber in the first sub-level of Site-231. As it has been found to improve morale, a different member of onsite personnel has been assigned to water SCP-8231 once per day under protection of an armed escort from Mobile Task Force Alpha-1 ("Red Right Hand").

**Description:** SCP-8231 is a flower specimen resembling a king protea (*Protea cynaroides*), albeit with an unusual red color not normally found on the species. When faced with SCP-8231, personnel are known to comment on certain aspects of the anomaly, such as its bright color and uneven petal lengths. A poorly-understood feeling similar to nostalgia is sometimes described by those who spend significant time with SCP-8231.

These aforementioned responses to SCP-8231 are non-anomalous, as similar symptoms have been observed within personnel who view supplied images of mundane plantlife. However, excessive exposure to the anomaly and production of these responses are often disruptive to the administration's goal of maintaining a stable working environment.

Apart from its unusual color, SCP-8231 is remarkable for its exceptionally long lifespan, resilience, and [uniqueness](tuftos-proposal); the anomaly has stayed healthy since its initial discovery, 650 years ago at the time of writing. Currently, it is the only instance of plantlife remaining on Earth.

<< [SCP-8230](SCP-8230) | SCP-8231 | [SCP-8232](SCP-8232) >>

=====

> **Name:** File:Protea_P1010885.JPG

> **Author:** Winfried Bruenken

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.5

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Protea_P1010885.JPG

=====

@import url("https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Orbitron:wght@400..900&display=swap");

:root{

  --header-title: "OVERWATCH";

  --header-subtitle: "SACRIFICE CONFERS POWER";

  ~~head-font: var(~~ui-font);

  --page-font-size: 0.89rem;

  ~~link-txt-color: rgba(var(~~accent), 0.75);

  --accent: 124, 10, 2;

  ~~fnColor: rgb(var(~~accent));

}

#page-content hr {

  height: 1px;

  background-color: rgb(var(--accent));

  margin-top: 1.5em;

  margin-bottom: 1.5em;

}

#page-content a {

  font-weight: bold;

}

#page-content .scp-image-block img {

  border: solid 1px rgba(var(--accent), 0.66);

}

#page-content .scp-image-block.block-left {

  margin: 0.5em 1.5em 1em 0em;

}

#page-content .scp-image-block.block-right {

  margin: 0.5em 0em 1em 1.5em;

}

#page-content .scp-image-caption {

  border: solid 1px rgba(var(--accent), 0.66);

  border-radius: 0px;

  margin-top: 7px;

}

.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}
