**Item #:** SCP-8150

**Object Class:** Kušum Item's containment has been abandoned indefinitely. 

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the nature of SCP-8150, and the catastrophic failure of prior containment attempts, further efforts have been abandoned. Any deaths caused by SCP-8150 are to be reported as casualties of the publicly-accepted concept of "dust storms". research efforts are also postponed indefinitely, due to the high amounts of casualties taken during Incident SCP-8150-I. The publicly-perceived notion of the Dust Storm is to be upheld, as to avoid the true nature of SCP-8150 from being discovered. While containment efforts have been abandoned, damage control and evacuation efforts related to SCP-8150-1 instances are to be handled by MTF-Rho-10 "Dust Devils".

**Description:** SCP-8150 is the collective name for the phenomena publicly known and accepted as "Dust Storms". In reality, "Dust storms" are an anomalous species of sentient storm systems, hereby referred to as SCP-8150-1. SCP-8150-1 instances vary widely in size, depending on the amount of Elan Vital Energy (EVE) absorbed. The largest documented SCP-8150-1 instance, publicly known as the "Black Sunday Storm" reached 800 miles long and 400 miles wide. The exact method and reasoning to how SCP-8150-1 instances form is unknown, as it is impossible to predict when and where they will, and there is a lack of living witnesses to SCP-8150-1 forming events. SCP-8150-1 instances "pull" the EVE out of an organism before dispersing it into its cloud. Fatalities from SCP-8150-1 instances can only be avoided by donning protective equipment with full CBRNA protection.

A full log of notable SCP-8150 related incidents can be found below.

**Incident SCP-8150-A:** Publicly known as the "Dust Bowl", a large uptick in SCP-8150-1 activity during the 1930s led to severe ecological devastation, along with over 7,000 dead. These included several Foundation researchers and agents, but consisted mostly of civilians. The largest of these instances was the Black Sunday storm, or SCP-8150-1C. The size of SCP-8150-1C was due to the amounts of EVE absorbed by it and its contributing storms. Over its lifespan, multiple people were killed, but due to the lack of Foundation resources at the time, containment efforts were not pursued.

**Incident SCP-8150-D:** Publicly known as the "Great Bakersfield Dust Storm", in 1977 an SCP-8150-1 instance manifested near Bakersfield, California, before moving into the area to harvest EVE. In total, 25 people died, however Foundation agents were able to suppress the knowledge of 20 of these deaths, leaving the publicly accepted tally at 5. While not a particularly significant event, this incident directly lead to the founding of MTF-Rho-10.

<details>
<summary>+ Incident SCP-8150-F:</summary>

**Overview:** On November 29 1991, an SCP-8150-1 instance manifested around 43 miles north of Coalinga. Having received notification from US Government assets at Naval Air Station Leemore, and due to the storm's close and rapidly closing proximity to Interstate 5, MTF-Rho-10 was quickly scrambled and dispatched to attempt containment efforts.

**Incident SCP-8150-F Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** November 29, 1991

**Exploration Team:** MTF-Rho-10 "Dust Devils"

**Subject:** SCP-8150 | Interstate 5, California, United States

**Team Lead:** Lieutenant Arnold Holmes | R10-1

**Team Members:**

Sergeant Amy Lawson | R10-2

Specialist Barry [Keyestone](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/i-am-weird) | R10-3

Specialist Alexi Borodin | R10-4

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Rho-10 exits utility vehicle at edge of Storm*

**Lt Holmes:** Alright, Dust Bunnies! Masks on, masks on!

*Team dons protective equipment.*

**Lt Holmes:** Alright! Alexi, you stay here, try and stop the flow of civvies into the storm.

**Spc Borodin:** Sir.

**Spc Keyestone:** Alright, LT! What's the play here?

**Lt Holmes:** Get in, assess the size of a possible pile up, and try and rescue any civvies still in their cars.

**Sgt Lawson:** Readings just came in off the kit! We have several distinct EVE signs in the cloud. At least 13 dead.

**Lt Holmes:** Chirst, well we should get moving before it spikes up.

**Spc Keyestone:** Roger that Dust Rabbit.

*Team proceeds further into SCP-8150-1 instance*

**Sgt Lawson:** Up ahead! We got a car. Shit, side windows open.

*Sgt Lawson moves around the side of the vehicle.*

**Sgt Lawson:** Yeah- we got a civvie in here. Dead, showing no residual EVE signs.

**Lt Holmes:** Nothing we can do. Let's keep moving.

[4 Minutes of extant audio and dialogue removed]

**Spc Borodin:** Shit, Dust Rabbit! A car got through! Silver SUV, headed north!

**Lt Holmes:** Alright, everyone off the road! We'll follow em when they pass!

**Spc Keyestone:** Christ almighty, I can barely tell what is and isn't road!

*Lt Holmes and Spc Keyestone move off of the road. Due to low visibility, Sgt Lawson cannot determine her location.*

**Lt Holmes:** There's the car! Amy! Two! Get out of the road!

**Sgt Lawson:** I can't tell where i'm-

*The vehicle hits Sgt Lawson. The impact breaches her CBRNA protection. SCP-8150-1 begins to enter her suit.*

**Sgt Lawson:** [Audible gasping]

**Lt Holmes:** Barry! Stop that fucking car! I've got Amy!

**Spc Keyestone:** Aye Sir!

**Lt Holmes:** Fuck, Amy! Pop a flare, I can't fucking find you!

**Sgt Lawson:** [Gasping increases in intensity]

**Spc Keyestone:** Sir! I found the cars! We've got an enormous pileup here!

**Lt Holmes:** Shit, alright, okay- you can secure the civs, I can handle her!

**Spc Keyestone:** She's fucking dead, Holmes. Now unless you want these civilians dead too, I need your ass over here NOW!

**Lt Holmes:** You- You're right.

*Lt Holmes moves to assist Spc Keyestone.*

[END LOG]

**After Action Report:**

After Rho-10 evacuated a total of 12 civilians from I-5, additional Foundation assets set up a perimeter to prevent further loss of life. After the SCP-8150-1 instance dissipated, Foundation S&R teams moved in to assess damage. A total of 104 cars had piled up, with 17 having died from collisions. A further 46 people had died from SCP-8150, including Sergeant Amy Lawson.

</details>

**Incident SCP-8150-H:** On January 4th, 2002, an SCP-8150-1 instance manifested several miles west of Las Vegas, Nevada. MTF-Rho-10 was scrambled under personal orders from then Captain Arnold Holmes, and they successfully prevented the instance from growing by terminating wildlife in the area and preventing any civilian entry. Due to their professionalism and efficiency in this mission, Captain Holmes was promoted to Task Force command, with Lieutenant Barry Keyestone now taking command of Rho-10. Due to the lack of casualties, this incident was hidden from the public.

<details>
<summary>+ Incident SCP-8150-I:</summary>

**Overview:** On August 19th, 2021, a large SCP-8150-1 instance manifested dangerously close to the village of Makhunik, Iran. Due to the proximity to a population center, MTF-Rho-10 was immediately tasked with evacuating the populace, with assistance from MTF-Sigma-9 "Valkyries" and a Farsi translator from MTF-Epsilon-6 "Village Idiots".

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** January 4th, 2021

**Exploration Team:** MTF-Rho-10 "Dust Devils"

**Supporting Personnel:** MTF-Sigma-9 "Valkyries", MTF-Epsilon-6 "Village Idiots"

**Subject:** SCP-8150 | Makhunik, Iran

**Team Lead:** Lieutenant Barry Keyestone | R10-1

**Team Members:**

Sergeant Alexi Borodin | R10-2

Specialist Sarah Le'groux | R10-3

Specialist Daniel Harper | R10-4

Senior Operative Hayet Rios | Epsilon-6 Translator. Temporarily designated R10-5

**Supporting Elements:**

5x V-22 Osprey Transport Craft | MTF-Sigma-9

10x Additional support personnel | MTF-Sigma-9

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Transport containing MTF-Rho-10 lands. Team Disembarks.*

**Lt Keyestone:** Alright! All transports stay where you are. We're gonna need pilots out of their seats to help the villagers settle in. 2, 3, and 5 with me. We're taking east. Harper, you take some of the Valkyries and search the west side.

**Spc Harper:** Roger!

**Lt Keyestone:** No rest for the wicked gentlemen, techs from HQ say we've got about 4 hours before the cloud heads over here. Pass out gas masks as you go, it's gonna take a few trips to get everyone out of here.

*Evacuation proceeds as intended for 2 hours. 264 civilians have been evacuated, out of the 580 total.*

**Sigma-9 Pilot:** We're away, that's another 24!

**Lt Keyestone:** Copy that, we'll have more when you're back.

**Rho-10 Dispatch:** All personnel, all personnel. High priority notification from mission control. The storm is moving far faster than expected. It seems to be moving more directly towards the village than prior instances. Recommend checking your EVE sensors for any abnormal readings.

**Lt Keyestone:** Alexi, get on that!

**Sgt Borodin:** Yessir.

*Sgt Borodin takes out EVE detection equipment, begins scanning environment.*

**Lt Keyestone:** Command, what's the ETA on that cloud?

**Rho-10 Dispatch:** 10 minutes.

**Lt Keyestone:** Ten fucking minutes?! EVERYONE! SPEED UP! WE NEED EVERYONE IN TRANSPORTS AND MASKS ON THOSE WHO AREN'T!

**Rho-10 Dispatch:** It's picking up speed! 7 minutes!

**Sgt Borodin:** 1, sir! You're gonna wanna see this!

**SO Rios:** [Directing civilians into transports]

*Two more transports begin to touch off. Scattered shouting and rushing wind audible.*

**Lt Keyestone:** Valk 3! You're moving too close to the dust storm! Bank right!

**Sgt Borodin:** SIR!

**Sigma-9 Pilot:** SHIT! We're in the cloud! The shit's getting inside!

*Valkyrie-3 begins spinning out as pilot loses consciousness.*

**Lt Keyestone:** FUCK! All transports, GO GO GO! Get the hell out! Dust Bunnies, Mount up, we're leaving!

**Sgt Borodin:** GOD FUCKING DAMMIT BARRY LISTEN TO ME!

**Lt Keyestone:** WHAT?

*Cloud begins to enter area. Interference from wind audible. The remainder of Rho-10 enters the Osprey. Lt Keyestone is stood at the bottom of the ramp.*

**Sgt Borodin:** It's you, Barry! The storm is going for you! Your EVE is all over the place.

**Lt Keyestone:** Roger that. Sigma-9. Touch off. We've done what we can.

**Sigma-9 Pilot:** Understood.

**Lt Keyestone:** I know what I need to do.

*Lt Keyestone steps off the ramp. The remaining aircraft begin takeoff.*

**Sgt Borodin:** Sir? What are you doing?! SIR GET ON THE OSPREY!

**Lt Keyestone:** It's too late Alexi. I'd only be taking the storm with me. It's been an honor, Dust Devils. Keystone signing off.

**Sgt Borodin:** Solid copy boss. Die well.

*Remainder of Foundation assets exfil with a final total of 360 civilians evacuated. SCP-8150 fully settles in the area, concentrating around Lt Keyestone.*

**Lt Keyestone:** Shit... something special about me, huh? That's news.

*Storm intensity peaks.*

**Lt Keyestone:** Guess I'd better get my affairs in order huh? Well, if anyone hears this, get it to my son.

*Lt Keyestone removes headcam, and places it facing him.*

**Lt Keyestone:** I love you kid. I always have. I wish I could've seen you more, but it's too late for that. Stick with your mom, stick with your brother. You're good people Atlas. I love you.

*Keyestone stands up, and walks away from the camera.*

**Lt Keyestone:** I don't know what you things are. Hell, I doubt you know you're hurting people.

*Storm continues to rush around Keyestone.*

**Lt Keyestone:** Enough pretense. I know when I'm not welcome.

*Keyestone takes a bow, and draws his sidearm.*

**Lt Keyestone:** Et in Arcadia, Ego.

[END LOG]

**After Action Report:**

Lieutenant Barry Keyestone was posthumously awarded the Task Force Medal of Valor An extremely prestigious award for bravery and excellence in the field, only second to the Foundation Star . Lieutenant Alexi Borodin remains in command of MTF-Rho-10 to date.

</details>

< [SCP-8149](SCP-8149) | SCP-8150 | [SCP-8151](SCP-8151) >

> **Filename:** Dust1

> **Name:** Dust storm approaching Stratford, Texas

> **Author:** National Weather Service

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/File:Dust_storm_approaching_Stratford,_Texas.jpg

> **Filename:** Dust2

> **Name:** Lost in the sandstorm

> **Author:** Mn Khetib

> **License:** CC-By-SA-4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Lost_in_the_sandstorm.jpg
