=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8806

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Attempts are ongoing to prevent or reduce SCP-8806-1 events. Any telepathic personnel within range of a SCP-8806-1 event may request medically-induced brain death under Mercy Protocol 17B. 

All serious research into post-mortem communication should be sabotaged under IK-Class Scenario Risk statutes. 

**Description:** SCP-8806 refers to the naturally produced hormone chronoceptrine responsible for regulating subjective time perception in human beings and other sapient mammals. As SCP-8806 levels increase in the human body, the brain perceives time as moving more slowly, providing additional time for considering its actions.

In the instants leading up to death, the human body has been found to produce as much SCP-8806 as it can to prolong the subjective existence of its consciousness, slowing perception of time to a remarkable degree. This is known as an SCP-8806-1 event. Research is ongoing into the extent of subjective time dilation experienced during this process.  

**Addendum: Initial Discovery** 

Most individuals who experience an SCP-8806-1 event are unable to move or communicate, rendering discovery difficult. In 1989, however, a staff technopath named Jaromir Azakov suffered a fatal heart attack in Site-15. During Mr. Azakov's SCP-8806-1 event, he was apparently able to manually flip bits in a nearby storage server, communicating his experience to researchers.The first 64 gigabytes of Mr. Azakov's testimony may be provided upon request to research staff with Level 3 clearance and a signed confirmation of psychological health. Post-mortem hormone level analyses performed on randomly-selected cadavers following this discovery have identified elevated levels of SCP-8806 in 100% of cases.

<< [SCP-8805](SCP-8805) | SCP-8806 | [SCP-8807](SCP-8807) >>
