=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8252

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Forty SCP-8252-1 specimens are currently housed at Site-551 in a Class-1 Vivarium for testing and observational use. Experiments utilizing SCP-8252-1 specimens in human subjects have been postponed until further notice. 

SCP-8252-2 instances are permitted continued inhabitancy of their normal homes and communities. They are instead to be monitored and prevented from contacting with areas yet unaffected by SCP-8252. Minor medical work relating to SCP-8252-1 infestation, conducted by Foundation medical professionals under the guise of the Red Crescent, is to be annually performed until further notice.

**Description:** SCP-8252 is an interconnected phenomenon relating to the simultaneous and anomalous structural changes of human and ant biology in a specific area within the Sahara Desert. SCP-8252-1 refers to affected specimens of Saharan Silver Ants (*Cataglyphis bombycina*), and SCP-8252-2 refers to the affected humans. SCP-8252 encompasses most of Libya and small portions of Tunisia and Algeria, mostly populated by small villages and settlements. The change in anatomy between the two species is not generational, but instead gradually on small numbers of already existing members of the species. 

SCP-8252-1 instances are nearly structurally identical to Saharan Silver Ants with the exception of a modified gaster which allows for the digestion of a substance produced within the modified ear canal of SCP-8252-2 instances. It is likely that further changes to the anatomy of SCP-8252-1 instances will occur. 

SCP-8252-2 instances are likewise nearly identical to modern humans, but possess a cartilaginous tube extending from each ear canal into the neck (hereafter "the Vestigius"). The Vestigius is wider than the analogous Eustachian tube, more rigid, and cooler than the surrounding tissue due to reduced blood flow and increased ventilation via proximity to the outer ear, permitting suitable habitation for small insects. 

The walls of the Vestigius secrete a clear waxy substance similar in composition to sebum from newly created structures which resemble sebaceous glands. The substance is presumed to serve a cleaning function within the Vestigius, though this currently causes a buildup of fluid in the Vestigius which needs to be drained consistently if not infested with an SCP-8252-1 instance. The only structure present within the Vestigius is a membrane resembling the tympanic membrane but currently does not function due to the absence of supporting auditory processors. 

SCP-8252-1 instances favor the safety of the Vestigius when nesting. When given the opportunity, it will attempt to enter the ear canal of an SCP-8252-2 instance, usually during the night when the temperature is much lower. Upon reaching the Vestigius, it will consume the secreted substance and attempt to burrow deeper into the walls of the structure, as well as into the second tympanic membrane. It will sometimes use these newly dug openings to lay its eggs. 

Further analysis reveals similarities between affected specimens and the anatomy of extinct species of *Homo* and *Cataglyphis* that lived within the area encompassed by SCP-8252 approximately 20,000 years ago, known by civilian scientists as *Homo sapiens saharica* ("Sahara Men") and *Cataglyphis auriscuniculum* ("Desert Ear Ant"). Similarities between SCP-8252 and these two extinct species have been noted, but no definitive connection has been found. 

**Addendum:** A recent development in SCP-8252 has been noted in several individuals. 

The most notable change in SCP-8252-1 instances is the development of a habitual vibration which outputs a 25-50 kHz sound wave via anomalous means. SCP-8252-1 instances appear to possess a set of unique vibrations that rarely deviate in pattern or output.

The most notable change in SCP-8252-2 instances is the development of a structure resembling a cochlea and vestibulocochlear nerve. The cochlea is notably unfinished and unenclosed, consisting of only the rudimentary systems needed to establish basic auditory perception. As such, it is almost universally described by SCP-8252-2 instances as being very uncomfortable, noting that sounds processed by the new organ are "significantly louder, disjointed, piercing and overbearing" than usual, especially those originating from SCP-8252-1 instances.

The purpose of the structure is theorized by the Foundation to be related to the organ's unique capability to process acoustic frequencies between 18-72 kHz, suggesting a need for the Sahara Men to hear sounds in this range. Notably, SCP-8252-2 instances are now able to hear the vibration emitted by SCP-8252-1 instances. Descriptions of the sound vary, but the most frequently reported and coherent perceptions include:

* "An echoic human voice originating from behind, possibly to beckon."

* "A wistful song played through a bone flute."

*  "Forcefully dragging a struggling body into a dune." 

* "The chime of a grandfather clock."

<< [SCP-8251](SCP-8251) | SCP-8252 | [SCP-8253](SCP-8253) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Sarahant.jpg

> **Name:** Saharan Silver Ants Erg Chebbi 2011

> **Author:** Bjørn Christian Tørrissen

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0 Unported

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Saharan_Silver_Ants_Erg_Chebbi_2011.jpg)

> **Filename:** Earg.jpg

> **Name:** Ostéome

> **Author:** Didier Descouens

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ost%C3%A9ome.jpg)

=====
