=====

=====

div.readme {

    max-width: 58ch;

    float: center;

    background-color: black;

    color: white;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.2em;

    line-height: 1em;

    border: double thick white;

    padding: 2em 2em;

    margin: 2em auto;

}

div.readme a:link {  color: white; }

div.readme a:hover {  color: blue; text-decoration: underline; }

div.readme a:visited {  color: white; }

div.readme a:active {  color: blue; text-decoration: underline; }

div.readme ul { list-style-type: "* "; padding-left: 1em;}

div.blockquote table { width: 100%; }

div.blockquote th { width: 15%; }

div.ethics {

    padding: 1em 2em 2em;

    margin: 3em;

    border: 3px solid #b3001b;

    display: block;

    background-color:#f7f3e8;

    font-family: 'Times New Roman', serif;

}

div.ethics ul { list-style-type: disc; }

**Item #:** SCP-8735

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Field agents investigating GoI-5869 will search for objects meeting SCP-8735's description. All recovered instances will be transported to Site-76 for comparative analysis. Those deemed project-critical shall be stored in standard secure lockers; redundant instances of SCP-8735-2 will be subject to immediate decommissioning.

Researchers will make use of a D-class proxy to conduct monthly audits of SCP-8735-2's "README" file. Staff are prohibited from using SCP-8735-2.

**Description:** SCP-8735 is the collective designation for a range of augmented reality glasses produced by members of GoI-5869 ("Gamers Against Weed"). Rather than making use of micro-displays or optical projection technology, SCP-8735 instances use perception filters to interfere with the viewer's perspective on mediaIncluding still photographs, video, renderings, symbols, and strings of text. depicting subjects deemed objectionable by the designer(s).

Variations on SCP-8735 are broken into categories. Instances of SCP-8735-1 likely represent early stages of iterative development, as evidenced by their basic construction materialsAll lenses are constructed from thin sheets of cellulose acetate, a bioplastic historically used in garments, film stock, and magnetic tape. and increasing sophistication. Per analysis by the Foundation's Counterconceptual Division, each version of SCP-8735-1 has an embedded list of subjects, and will not activate when viewing material outside that dataset.

**Designation:** SCP-8735-1a

**Description:** Red/cyan anaglyph glasses with white cardboard frames.

**Subject(s):** World's 100 wealthiest people, as reported by Forbes magazine in early 2011.

**Filter Effect:** Subjects appear in stereoscopic 3D, wearing capes and oversized fangs.

**Recovery Information:** Discovered by police during the dispersal of Occupy Toronto, 2011/11/23. Added to the Log of Anomalous Items and stored at Site-43.

**Designation:** SCP-8735-1b

**Description:** Yellow lenses and green paper frames. Both arms bear stenciled text reading "GATER BLOCKERS". "#3" is handwritten on the inside of the left earpiece.

**Subject(s):** Network of online reactionaries. Dataset includes 42 primary influencers, 19 websites, four hashtags, and 7000 social media accounts.

**Filter Effect:** Subjects are obscured by repeated instances of the "crocodile" emoticon.U+1F40A, "🐊".

**Recovery Information:** Recovered from PoI-6897's residence during investigation into [SCP-3108](SCP-3108). Designated a GoI artifact and stored at Site-64.

**Designation:** SCP-8735-1c

**Description:** Single piece of tinted acetate, cut to size.

**Subject(s):** White nationalist groups involved in the 2017 "Unite the Right" rally. Dataset is damaged, but appears to contain at least 12,000 unique user IDs affiliated with or proximate to the event.

**Filter Effect:** Subjects are identified by name, alias, factional affiliation, and home city. These annotations are frequently garbled or incomplete.

**Recovery Information:** Seized from a GoI-5869 safehouse in Montreal on 2017/09/21. Initially designated a GoI artifact and stored at Site-201. Later correlated with other instances by [REDACTED] and assigned SCP status.

Project researchers suspected that SCP-8735-1 instances were created by PoI-6966,Wren Masterson, AKA "steakshift" and "MxMasters". an anomalous media artist affiliated with GoI-5869. This was ultimately confirmed on 2018/07/07, when an undercover agent with MTF Upsilon-20 ("Hogtown Garrison") observed PoI-6966 exchanging another pair of anomalous glasses with a previously-unknown Person of Interest, subsequently designated PoI-7132.Later identified as [REDACTED], AKA "whistl_stahp". This second-generation unit (SCP-8735-2) was promptly seized as contraband.

**[+ Discovery Disclosure (LEVEL 3/CLOWNFISH CLASSIFIED)](tttat)**

Instances of SCP-8735-2 are modified from mundane plastic sunglasses. In addition to perception filters, each pair carries a conceptual circuit, embedded in the right arm; separating this circuit from the frame terminates all anomalous effects. Specialists have theorized that this component links "replica" units with the developers' "primary" device, which is edited remotely to serve users with updates.

SCP-8735-2 demonstrates the ability to retrieve accurate information from external sources, regardless of how and where they are stored. Its functions are broadly explained in the device's "README" file, which can be accessed by looking at any blank surface for more than seven seconds. On initial acquisition, the document read as follows:

@@$$\   $$\  $$$$$$\  $$$$$$$\   $$$$$$\  @@

@@$$$\  $$ |$$  **$$\ $$  **$$\ $$  __$$\ @@

@@$$$$\ $$ |$$ /  $$ |$$ |  $$ |$$ /  $$ |@@

@@$$ $$\$$ |$$$$$$$$ |$$ |  $$ |$$$$$$$$ |@@

@@$$ \$$$$ |$$  **$$ |$$ |  $$ |$$  **$$ |@@

@@$$ |\$$$ |$$ |  $$ |$$ |  $$ |$$ |  $$ |@@

@@$$ | \$$ |$$ |  $$ |$$$$$$$  |$$ |  $$ |@@

@@\**|  \**|\**|  \**|\**_****/ \**|  \__|@@

@@ @@

@@===============================================@@

@@ @@

KERNEL BY

@@  GGGGG   CCCCC  M     M  PPPPP    4   @@

@@ g   GG CCc ccC MMM   MMM PP  ppp 44  4@@

@@gg   GG CCc     MM M M MM PP  pp 444 44@@

@@gg   GG CCc ccc MM  M  MM PPPPP 444  44@@

@@gggggGG   CCCC  MM  m  MM PP   44444444@@

@@     GG    cc   Mm     mM P          44@@

@@ ggggg                                4@@

@@ @@

CRACK & VFX BY

@@ ### ##### ####  ##  #  #            @@

@@##   # # # #    #  # # #             @@

@@  #    #   ###  #### ##              @@

@@   ##  #   #    #  # # #             @@

@@ ###   #   #### #  # #  #            @@

@@            ###  #   # # ##### ##### @@

@@           #    #   # # #     # # #  @@

@@           #   ##### # ####    #     @@

@@           #  #   # # #       #      @@

@@        ###  #   # # #       #       @@

@@ @@

CLONED BY

@@            .-.              .-. 1  @@

@@          /                /        @@

@@         /                /         @@

@@     `~~/-     .-.     `-/~~        @@

@@       /      /   )     /           @@

@@      /      /   /     /            @@

@@   `.'      /`-'    `.'             @@

@@  ───── / ───────────┤･ω･)ﾉ   @@

@@ @@

WITH SPECIAL THANKS

@@ **_**           **_  **_ @@

@@|     | ___     |_  ||_  |@@

@@| | | ||  _| _  |  _||  _|@@

@@|_|_|_||_|  |_| |**_||**_|@@

@@ @@

[KEEP IT UP LEGEND!](scp-3024)

@@ @@

@@===============================================@@

README

Sick of "separating art from artist"? Tired of seeing That Guy, over and over? Yeah, same. This won't fix anything, but it should help you pick out what's broken.

NADA scans what's real & documented for pointers tied to bad shit. It also pulls dynamic info from select projects: legislation trackers, public-interest data dumps, orgs on the BDS list, stuff like that.

Tap the frames to switch between BOTTOMLINE (context), BUBBLEGUM (silliness), and BLACKOUT (self-explanatory).

WARNING: powered by YOU, the viewer! Don't overdo it!

@@===============================================@@

CHANGELOG

Version 0.1.5 @@--@@ spitefully dedicated to every Hollywood hypocrite wearing a #MeToo pin

* BOTTOMLINE limit extended from 24 to 48 characters.

* NADA now runs a coulrophobia check before applying "clown" filters. (super sorry.)

* New metric: legislators who vote to force sex workers underground. Extrapolated from SESTA/FOSTA.

* New dataset: someone doxed ICE lol get rekt pigs

**Addendum: Testing Log:** The following experiment was conducted by a lone operator using offline playback devices and hard copy documents. Given the precedents established by **[SCP-4581](SCP-4581)**, the session was not recorded on video; the chamber's sensor suite was monitored by an automated agent.

**Subject:** Blu-Ray copy of "12 Strong", released 2018. Full runtime 130 minutes.

**Results:**

| Content | Text card: "BASED ON A TRUE STORY". |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | Added text: "EDITED BY THE US ARMY ENTERTAINMENT OFFICE". |
| Mode 2 | Scare quotes around "TRUE". |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Archival footage of Bill Clinton. |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | Text superimposed over Clinton's eyes reads "RAPIST". In the next shot, it reads "IMPERIALIST". |
| Mode 2 | Clinton is dressed in a white suit and black string tie, a costume associated with wealthy Southern landowners. |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Archival footage of Osama Bin Laden, from various sources. |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | Variously described an "EXTREMIST", "ANTI-SEMITE", and "HOMOPHOBE". |
| Mode 2 | In each shot, a tuba player stands adjacent to Bin Laden, who appears visibly irritated. There are no corresponding sound effects. |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Archival footage of George W. Bush. |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | "IMPERIALIST", "HOMOPHOBE". |
| Mode 2 | Facial features are comically large. |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Archival footage of Vladmir Putin. |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | "IMPERIALIST", "HOMOPHOBE". |
| Mode 2 | Facial features are comically small. |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Domestic scene featuring Chris Hemsworth and Elsa Pataky. |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | Text overlay identifies Pataky as "ANTI-INDIGENOUS". Hemsworth is unaffected. This refers to a 2015 incident in which Pataky and Hemsworth wore Native American costumes to a party. Hemsworth publicly apologized in 2016; Pataky has not acknowledged the controversy. |
| Mode 2 | Pataky wears a buckled capotain hat, stereotypically associated with Pilgrim settlers. |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Actor Michael Peña. |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | "SCIENTOLOGIST", "BOOTLICKER". The latter is likely tied to Peña's 2016 comments downplaying the prevalence of police brutality. |
| Mode 2 | Peña is seen wearing a generic police uniform, a Sea Org naval uniform, or a grey rubber alien mask. |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Actor Rob Riggle. |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | Identified as a "PROPAGANDA OFFICER" due to his past role as a Public Affairs Officer in the US Marine Corps. |
| Mode 2 | Riggle wears a clown nose. In every shot, he is struck by at least one pie. |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Genuine military aircraft assigned to the production. |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | Each vehicle bears the words "TAXPAYER-FUNDED" on its hull in large white letters. |
| Mode 2 | Vehicles are fitted with googly eyes. Interior shots of the CH-47 Chinook are lit in red; a felted cloth uvula hangs from the ceiling. |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Scenes filmed on government property. |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | Properties are explicitly named in background elements. This is particularly noticeable during scenes set in Afghanistan, which are dotted with signs reading "WHITE SANDS MISSILE RANGE". |
| Mode 2 | Civilians can be seen hiking, camping, playing sports, and observing the characters from afar. |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Photograph of the real-life Green Berets depicted in the film. |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | Each soldier is marked an "IMPERIALIST DOG". |
| Mode 2 | Soldiers are depicted as Roman legionaries. |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

| Content | Credits: "PRODUCED BY JERRY BRUCKHEIMER". |
| --- | --- |
| Mode 1 | Bruckheimer is credited as "CHIEF PROPAGANDIST". |
| Mode 2 | "BRERRY JUCKHEIMER". |
| Mode 3 | Black screen. |
---

**Comments:** Mode 1 emphasizes clarity and legibility of text. Mode 2 effects are matched the film's visual presentation, including lighting, depth of field, level of wardrobe distress, et cetera. Regardless, details change in between cuts, and whenever the user looks away.

*Operator reports a mild headache.*

**Subject:** Printed copy of Wikipedia's Current Events portal, 2018/07/27. Approximately 8700 words.

**Results:** Consistent with the previous test, but broader in scope, claiming misconduct by a wide range of public figures, government organizations, and corporations, including mainstream news outlets.

**Comments:** Habitual SCP-8735-2 users might be led to believe that the majority of mundane institutions are corrupt.

*Operator notes that their headache has intensified, and they are experiencing atypical levels of anxiety.*

**Subject:** Printed list of twenty Groups of Interest across the political spectrum.

**Results:** The majority of entries are consistent with previous tests, with the exception of the Serpent's Hand, which is unaffected. Numerous Mode 2 descriptors are borrowed from Hand vernacular, such as referring to the Global Occult Coalition as "BOOKBURNERS", to the Unusual Incidents Unit as "RAVENS", and to the Chaos Insurgency as "MADMEN".

**Comments:** Reasonable to conclude that one or more developers are in contact with the Hand.

*Operator self-administers acetaminophen for headache and takes a thirty-minute break.*

**Subject:** Printed list of known Gamers Against Weed members.

**Results:** No effect.

**Comments:** Given that founding members of GoI-5869 are known to have committed [serious offenses](scp-3420), this must be a deliberate exception.

**Subject:** Printed list of Foundation front organizations.

**Results:** No effect.

**Comments:** Any memetic countermeasures are presumably working as intended. Further speculation is beyond this researcher's purview.

**Subject:** Printed list of D-class personnel quartered at Site-76. Twelve ID numbers, no additional context.

**Results:** Inconsistent. Of the twelve IDs provided, only seven (Group A) are marked as offenders; the remaining five (Group B) are not marked at all.

**Comments:** These results imply that the D-classes in Group B have either met the designers' baseline for meaningful change, or they are ████████ of █████ ████████ ███████.

*Operator reports migraine, exhaustion, and severe emotional distress. Session ends.*

Sensor readings confirm that SCP-8735-2 drains a small amount of the user's Elan-Vital Energy (EVE)A fundamental form of energy emitted by all living creatures and used in thaumaturgic workings. for every second it is active. While this is initially imperceptible, the cumulative expenditure associated with prolonged useMore than one hour a day. can cause headaches, anxiety, depression, mood swings, and fatigue.

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING DOCUMENT IS LEVEL 4 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY UNAUTHORIZED ACCESS WILL BE SUBJECT TO DISCIPLINARY ACTION

**Ethics Committee Memorandum**

**Date:** 2018/09/03

**Subject:** Investigation into Employee Misconduct

---

On 2018/07/30, a Site-76 staff member (hereafter known as the "Complainant") filed an incident report with their Ethics Committee representative. The Complainant testified that in the course of testing SCP-8735-2, they were approached by Security Officer Thomas Kearns, who was on patrol in the Applied Research Wing.

The Complainant stated that when viewed through SCP-8735-2, the photograph on Officer Kearns' ID card was superimposed with the word "rapist". Later, the Complainant double-checked this result by writing Kearns' full name on a piece of paper, at which point SCP-8735-2 identified him as an "abuser" and a "racist pig".

Thomas Kearns was recruited by the SCP Foundation in 2006. As a sixteen-year veteran of law enforcement who had recently finalized a divorce, he was judged a suitable candidate for employment beneath the Veil. Upon re-examination, it is clear that his original background check lacked rigor in two important respects.

# Investigators failed to unearth complaints regarding Kearns' conduct as an officer of the law. Documented allegations included excessive use of force in arrests and prisoner handling, together demonstrating a pattern of racial bias. These reports were suppressed by Kearns' captain, who provided a positive reference when contacted by a Foundation hiring manager.

# Kearns' ex-wife Samantha Moore was never approached for an interview. However, in late 2017, she made a social media post in support of the #MeToo movement, stating that a "previous partner" had been physically abusive during their relationship. These allegations were never reported to the police, and her comment was not flagged by Foundation webcrawlers.

A thorough review has found additional evidence of inappropriate conduct during Officer Kearns' service with the Foundation.

* Kearns was reprimanded in 2011 for selectively enforcing outdated containment procedures for [SCP-180](SCP-180), an anomaly capable of reassigning identities when placed on a subject's head. Despite the item being relocated from the Research Complex to the Mass Storage Wing in 2009, Kearns repeatedly instructed staff members to remove religious headwear, on the basis that SCP-180 was an active security threat.

* Keycard access logs confirm that Officer Kearns regularly intrudes on testing chambers while experiments are in progress. Protocol dictates that security personnel are only allowed to enter these areas with prior authorization, express permission, or during emergencies.

* Kearns has been known to make demeaning comments towards female staff, such as questioning their competency on the basis of appearance. One such incident was previously reported to Human Resources by the Complainant.

Each individual infraction is an unacceptable lapse in judgment. Viewed together, they represent a pattern that must be addressed. Accordingly, Officer Kearns shall be relieved of Level 3 clearance at Site-76 and tasked with Level 1 guard detail at Protected Storage Area-113 in Nebraska until his retirement or resignation. This relocation to a minimally-crewed facility, reduction in responsibilities, and corresponding pay cut are considered an appropriate penalty for his actions, while respecting the practical limitations of hiring and firing personnel.

There remains the matter of the Complainant's actions while handling SCP-8735-2. While it is beyond dispute that the anomaly played a role in identifying this specific personnel issue, the Ethics Committee must emphasize that it was produced by a Group of Interest with strong ideological biases. It cannot be used to audit systems involved in Veil enforcement. D-class personnel recruited through the justice system were found guilty in a court of law; they signed waivers, consenting to be test subjects; the SCP Foundation is committed to providing humane treatment while they are in our care. GoI-5869's value judgments have no bearing on our conduct. To suggest otherwise is completely inappropriate.

Containment protocols for SCP-8735 have been revised to minimize staff contact with the anomaly. No disciplinary action will be taken against the Complainant; for their protection, all identifying information has been struck from the SCP-8735 file.

Signed,

Dr. Ira Augustine

Ethics Committee

Approximately 40% of GoI-5869 members under active surveillance possess SCP-8735-2 instances. If this adoption rate extends to the entire group, then there are at least twenty-five units in circulation.

Given the challenges involved in physically tracking GoI-5869, seeking out and establishing full containment over SCP-8735 is considered a low priority. Instead, field agents are instructed to seize any instances discovered in the course of GoI-related investigations. Passive influence operations will attempt to discourage further adoption of the platform.

<< [SCP-8734](SCP-8734) | SCP-8735 | [SCP-8736](SCP-8736) >>

=====

> **Filename:** 8735-1a.jpg

> **Name:** Gafas 3D (Anaglyph, Cian/Rojo)

> **Author:** Marlon J. Manrique

> **License:** CC BY 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/m4rlonj/3789702938/

> **Additional Notes:** Colors adjusted.

> **Filename:** 8735-2.jpg

> **Name:** Nano SIM(China Mobile HK).jpg

> **Author:** MyXyloto

> **License:**  CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Nano_SIM(China_Mobile_HK).jpg

> **Additional Notes:** Cropped, downscaled and composited.

> **Filename:** 8735-2.jpg

> **Name:** EmiMa-054.jpg

> **Author:** Emanuel Jöbstl and Martin Thoma

> **License:**  CC0 1.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:EmiMa-054.jpg

> **Additional Notes:** Cropped, downscaled and composited.

=====
