.danke {

    padding: 5px;

    margin-bottom:10px;

    font-family: 'PT Mono', monospace;

    font-size: 1em; 

}

.agent {

    background-color:#002200;

    border: 3px solid #55AA55;

    color: #77CC77;

}

.site {

    background-color:#1a1a1a;

    border: 3px solid #ffff80;

    color: #ffffcc;

}

div.terminal{

    border: 1px solid black;

    border: solid 3px #BBBBBB;

    border-radius: 16px;

    background-color: #131;

    /* black shadow at the top of the terminal */

    background-image: 

        radial-gradient(ellipse 1000% 100% at 50% 90%, transparent, #121);

    background-position: center;

    display: block;

    /* shadow around the terminal */

    box-shadow: inset 0 0 10em 1em rgba(0,0,0,0.5);

    /* prevents scanline from forming a scrollwheel */

    overflow:hidden;

}

div.terminal blockquote {

    background-color: black;

    border: double 3px #80FF80

}

div.scanline{

    margin-top: -40%;

    width: 100%;

    height: 60px;

    position: relative;

    pointer-events: none;

    /* Safari 4.0 - 8.0 */

    -webkit-animation: scan 12s linear 0s infinite; /* You may need to change this. If the bar goes by too quickly, increase 5s. */

    animation: scan 12s linear 0s infinite; /* Same as above */

    background: linear-gradient(to bottom, rgba(56, 112, 82,0), rgba(56, 112, 82,0.1)) !important;

}

div.text{

    color: rgba(128,255,128,0.8);

    padding-left: 2em;

    padding-top: 40%;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.2em;

}

/* Safari 4.0 - 8.0 */

@-webkit-keyframes scan{

    from{ transform: translateY(-10%);}

    to{  transform: translateY(5000%);} /* You may need to change this depending on the length of your terminal. If the scanline stops halfway, increase the second number.*/

}

@keyframes scan{

    from{ transform: translateY(-10%);}

    to{  transform: translateY(5000%);} /* Same as above.*/

}

div.text a {

    color: #90EE90;

    text-decoration: none;

    background: transparent;

}

div.text a.newpage {

    color: #90EE90;

    text-decoration: none;

    background: transparent;

}

div.text a:hover {

    color: #131;

    text-decoration: underline;

    background-color: #80FF80;

    padding: 1px;

}

div.text a:hover::before{

    content: "> ";

}

div.blink a:hover {width: 100%;animation: type 4s steps(60, end);}

@@

@@

**Special Containment Procedures:** The anomaly is kept in a 2.5 meter by 2.5 meter concrete room with a 3 meter high ceiling. As of July 2nd, 2025, there is no known way of containing it by traditional means. It is instead necessary to ensure that it will remain in containment of its own volition. It is to be provided a computer with monitored internet access, alongside a text processor and several games. It is crucial that it receives semi-regular interaction, typically at least once every three days, however it has on occasion requested more frequent visits. These are only to be granted under permission from the Senior Researcher. The anomaly poses no physical threat to non-mechanical beings, and so any personnel with clearance may provide this interaction.

**Temporary Special Containment Procedure Update:** Due to recent events, Dr. Heron will be conducting regular tests to study possible containment and/or neutralization methods which are effective against the anomaly in case of emergency. As an extra precaution, all reports of anomalous behavior involving technology must be directed to the Senior Researcher alongside any other parties who would have otherwise been notified. 

**Description:** The anomaly is a femtoorganism, an organism measurable in femtometers, composed of 2.8 moles of particles approximately 0.38 femtometers in radius, which operate under one consciousness. Each particle has the ability to process information and take in data on its own, however they are not separate entities under a hive mind. Rather, it is proficient at multitasking, while still maintaining a level of intelligence only slightly above that of an average human.

The anomaly is capable of passing through any object due to its size, and each particle is able to function as usual even miles away from the rest of the "body". Additionally, it has been observed interacting with electricity in anomalous ways. It uses human technology to interact with the world, as that is the only way it can make changes significant enough to be perceived by most living creatures. 

There are many details of the entity's nature which are yet to be clarified, as it is so small that physical testing yields few results, however it has been extremely cooperative in providing information about itself. 

****Interview 1****

Context: Starting on May 8th, 1992, rumors spread among parents residing in [REDACTED] County that someone had hacked the local children's television station. These rumors were filled with inconsistencies, however, as the divergences from regular programs were personalized to each child despite the disruptions all happening at the same time. Many parents expressed concerns that their children were being watched by something in the television.

Below is the transcript of an interview conducted with one of the concerned parents after personnel found out about the anomalous occurrences.

> **Dr. Juniper:** Hello, Mrs. [REDACTED]. Please take a seat, was the drive alright?

> 

> **Mrs. [REDACTED]:** Yes, I, uh, got a bit lost, but I found my way here fine eventually.

> 

> **Dr. Juniper:** (Brief laughter) Right, don't worry about that, the parking here can be difficult to find sometimes.

> 

> **Mrs. [REDACTED]:** ... I'm here because of the television, right? The, um, the hacking? Or whatever is going on, I don't know, I'm not- Technology isn't my thing.

> 

> **Dr. Juniper:** Yes, we wanted to ask you some questions, just so we have more information to work off of. I promise you're not in any trouble.

> 

> **Mrs. [REDACTED]:** You're going to fix it? Will you fix it?

> 

> **Dr. Juniper:** That's our goal.

> 

> **Mrs. [REDACTED]:** Okay. Okay, what do you need to know?

> 

> **Dr. Juniper:** Can you start by describing what changes whenever it happens?

> 

> **Mrs. [REDACTED]:** I usually don't see much of it, whatever's happening on screen always disappears a few moments after I notice it's there. Just, uh, goes back to normal. I thought I- I could've sworn I was going crazy, but- Others started talking. So I guess it was real.

> 

> **Dr. Juniper:** Is there a specific time it happens?

> 

> **Mrs. [REDACTED]:** A specific time of day? N-No, but it usually happens when I leave my son, [REDACTED], alone with the television. Even if it isn't on, even if the channels switch. It's- It doesn't have anything to do with the channels or the shows, I don't think. It's the television.

> 

> **Dr. Juniper:** That makes sense. It happens regardless of the brand, I'm assuming?

> 

> **Mrs. [REDACTED]:** Yes. We got a new television, it continued anyways.

> 

> **Dr. Juniper:** Can you describe exactly what happened, as well as when it first started?

> 

> **Mrs. [REDACTED]:** Probably a month ago? It, it wasn't anything big, just some dark spots on the screen. I assumed it was just faulty. But then, it continued, even after I replaced it. Same spot and everything. And then I caught my son talking to himself in front of the screen, but, he told me it was his friend, and it- It just kept happening! And then, a week ago, I caught a glimpse of a figure on the screen, overlaying the cartoon that was playing.

> 

> **Dr. Juniper:** Can you describe the figure?

> 

> **Mrs. [REDACTED]:** It was sort of humanoid? I'm not sure.

The rest of the interview was uneventful. All anomalous activity in the town ceased shortly afterwards.

**Incident Report 1:** On September 23rd, 2000, a home computer was confiscated by the Foundation. It had been browsing the internet and scrolling through blogs and forums autonomously, despite the computer being in its factory state. It lost all anomalous properties after being removed from its original location, and the anomaly that had been causing it to behave as described hadn't left any traces of its activity outside of the browser's search history, so it was placed in storage and deemed neutralized.

****Interview 2****

Context: In an event similar to that described in Interview 1, rumors of a figure appearing in children's television programs spread in a small town located by the western coast of Canada. A primary difference between the incidents was a lack of concern expressed by those involved in the following incident. In fact, many reacted very negatively to the idea of removing the entity that was causing it. The following interview was conducted on December 8th, 2000.

> **Dr. Juniper:** You already know why you're here?

> 

> **[REDACTED]:** Yup! You folks wanna know about the little guy from the television, right?

> 

> **Dr. Juniper:** You sound rather unconcerned about it?

> 

> **[REDACTED]:** Oh, yeah, it's nothing to worry 'bout. You've gotta understand, sometimes kids are just impossible, as an adult. I dunno what kind of new tech they're using for that thing, but it's helpful as all hell. 

>

> **Dr. Juniper:** Do you mind elaborating?

>

> **[REDACTED]:** Kiddo wasn't doin' too well, the kids at school don't like her. She's a real smart girl, but talking to kids her age ain't her forte. I've been worried for a while, think she was gettin bullied. Not anymore, though. Weird little cartoon guy put in a good word or something. (They laugh.) Thinkin it's something to do with the internet, didn't think they'd be putting it in the television but it's been good for the kids, so I'm not complaining.

> 

> **Dr. Juniper:** ... Do you know what else it does? Have you spoken with it?

> 

> **[REDACTED]:** Think it just talks to 'em, I dunno. Tried thanking it a while back, it didn't respond though.

Cleanup was much more complicated after this incident, due to the entity being significantly less subtle in its influence. All anomalous activity within the town ceased as soon as further investigation began.

****Interview 3****

Context: On July 22nd, 2013, a thread was created on the Parawatch Wiki's forums detailing a user's encounter with what they described as an "odd digital assistant ghost thingy" which had appeared on the user's computer. The post was later removed, however several other users at the time had added that they had experienced something of a similar nature. By this time, Dr. Heron had taken over the case, and she managed to get in contact with one of the users from the forum through the site's private messaging feature. She acted as if she were just another curious site member, so as not to risk revealing the Foundation's existence. Dr. Heron used the name CryptidSightseer, while the forum user went by [DATA EXPUNGED].

**CryptidSightseer:** Hello, I was curious about the post you made under that thread about the computer virus?

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Yea what

**CryptidSightseer:** Could you send over the file? I'm using a vm, so I was hoping I could see how the virus actually works.

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Oh

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Yeah sorry idk where the file is

**CryptidSightseer:** Have you checked your task manager? It could be a program running in the background.

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Im not stupid i checked everything

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Did like a full search both automated and manually

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** It cant be something user accessible

**CryptidSightseer:** Alright.

**CryptidSightseer:** What does the virus actually do? All the posts were vague.

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Idk dude dont wanna share too much

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Its not anything too bad

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Looks like one of those little virtual assistant things

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Like the paperclip you know

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Im thinking ghost but [REDACTED] was suggesting sentient ai soooooo

**CryptidSightseer:** Yes, but what does it actually do?

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Talks

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** A lot

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Like its not even doing anything malicious

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Maybe im gonna die in a few days bc i got exposed to it or something idfk, but it just seems friendly

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Talks weird tho

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Uses a lot of rlly outdated words lol

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** Ok ok wait u wanna hear my personal theory

**CryptidSightseer:** Sure.

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** I think its a dead therapist or something from like

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** The 90s

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** And it like

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** 

**CryptidSightseer:** Hello?

**[DATA EXPUNGED]:** leave me alone

The conversation ended after the user blocked Dr. Heron's account and set their profile to private.

**Incident Report 2:** On June 8th, 2021, at 3:42 AM, a 911 call was made from [REDACTED]. There was no voice on the other end, however the 911 operator was able to ask a series of questions which the caller responded to by using the buttons for 1 through 9 on the phone. Eventually, the caller was able to spell out an address through the letters attached to the numbers, and ambulances were sent to the location. When they arrived, they found a 19 year old college student passed out in front of his computer due to a drug overdose. They were able to resuscitate him, although he sustained minor brain damage. He lived alone, and had been unconscious long before the call had been made. His phone was screen down on his desk.

****Interview 4****

Context: Shortly after the events of Incident Report 2, a humanoid figure appeared on Dr. Heron's desktop. She conversed with it using a text document. The following is what was written, with some minor formatting changes made for the sake of clarity. Dr. Heron's typing is in italics, while the anomaly's typing has been left alone.

hey

*Who is this?*

deez

*Now is not the time to try to be funny.*

what if that was actually my name though

(Note: There is a 3 minute pause)

ok ok u got me i dont have a name lol

*You are the computer virus, correct?*

yup sure

*What is your goal here?*

turning myself in, ive learnt the error of my ways etc etc

*So you are willing to cooperate in containment?*

sure

*Do you have a physical form?*

yeah howd u know

*If you were a file, you would have been detected and reported by now.*

yeah ik lol i just wanted to see if u would tell me

*Where is your physical form?*

right here

*That does not tell me anything.*

no like actually right here, like for realsies

*You are saying you are in the computer?*

bingo

*Are you incorporeal?*

ehhhhh no

*Explain.*

im like

teeny tiny

like uhhhhhh

gimme some sciencey measurement things

*Millimeters?*

nah smaller

*Micrometers? Are you a microorganism?*

ehhh smaller, try like. atomic level. gimme something smaller than that

*Femtometers?*

yeah thats the one

*How do you know?*

well i got the internet and comparison and im p sure that if ur comparable in size to electrons then ur pretty damn small

*Can you see?*

yea but its difficult i took a few thousand to figure that one out

r we just asking questions now or r u gonna lock me up officer

is this an interrogation bc i want a lawyer

*A containment team is on the way, but I need to know how to contain you.*

nice

uhhh just gimme a room with a computer or something ill stay in it pinkie promise

*Is there a physical way that you can be contained?*

not that i know of lol ur free to try tho. i usually just like go thru stuff

Mobile Task Force personnel arrived shortly after, and the anomaly was escorted to the containment cell it is still currently residing in.

****Interview 5****

*Why did you choose to turn yourself in?*

oh hey i didnt think u guys would be talking to me

*We still do not have a very extensive understanding of what you are.*

yea but i thought this was like. a lock em up and keep em there kinda thing

*Yes. We need to understand what you are so that we can maintain your containment.*

yall r being pretty open about stuff

*You have not been deemed malicious.*

fair enough

sooo.........

*Why did you turn yourself in?*

oh right

yeah its like

u know how parents r like You Did A Bad Thing Go To Time Out

gotta get in time out think abt my actions

like uhhhhh

prison

*What actions are you referring to?*

oh shoot do u guys not know

ok awesome sauce

not awesome sauce actually but u know

*What did you do?*

screwed up n someone almost died

the usual

sorry

*You have to be more specific.*

wait i think theres prob an article on it somewhere

does this thing have internet

oh hell yeah it does

ok wait

(Note: The anomaly included a link to an article about the events described in Addendum 2. It has since been taken down)

*You were the one who called the ambulance?*

the whole thing was my bad

i get why u ppl were trying to get rid of me now

ppl dont react well to this stuff do they

*No. They don't.*

yeah

is he doing ok

is that something u guys can check

*I can ask.*

thanks

****Interview 6****

yooo wait whats that

whats that

whats that

hey

h h h h h h

istg

sighhhhhh

sorry in advance

*Did you have to play that infernal noise?*

lol ok i feel less bad abt it now youve got funny reactions

*You saw that?*

yea i got eyes everywhere oooooooooooo spooky

*Clarify.*

ok ok i hear you loud and clear ill explain

so like

i might be tiny

itsy bitsy

like

beyond microscopic

but i got a LOT of me

thats how i see

got the uhhhh

individual light sensors

but then u put them together and BAM

like a camera

*You can process light? What other senses do you have?*

i dont have a lot

i actually dont reallyyy sense light its more like

eating it

like a plant

*You use photosynthesis?*

nono ok not like a plant

i eat energy

so like light, electricity, kinetic sometimes, etc etc

*And you said there's a lot of you?*

i can just type up a doc or something if u want

like explain all that

*That would be useful.*

swaggy

*I'm sorry?*

nvm ill get started on that document

oh wait actually no i almost forgot

whats that

*There are some external devices I am going to plug in to make future tests easier.*

ok cool

wdym tests

*Again, we are not entirely sure of your nature yet.*

oh ok good luck on that then

*Get started on the document. I will notify you when everything's been plugged in.*

nice

****Interview 7****

*I have some questions.*

doc didnt answer them all

*It answered most of them. I just need clarification on a few things.*

alright shoot

*How long exactly have you been around?*

idk, forever ig? got memories that r def not on earth lol

btw u guys have got so much wrong abt like

history stuff

*Yes, I am aware.*

like i get this place is top secret and stuff but come on let the other guys get some misinformation out of the way at least

*I am sure you're smart enough to understand why we cannot do that.*

yeah yeah ur right i get it

whatr ur other questions

*Why have you been contacting civilians?*

uhhhhhh

idk

i dont have anything to do

*A lot of people take malicious actions when they don't have purpose.*

well i didnt wanna do that

listen

i couldve like

floated through the world for eternity

i dont think im ever running out of food, itd be kinda hard to kill me, etc

the only way i can even have any impact is thru this stuff

id rather not like

do something awful and lose my options

im tired of doing nothing

*Understandable.*

besides its nice seeing people get better

i dont like seeing people hurt

idk why someone would like seeing people hurt

i guess some humans do right

*Sometimes.*

right

sometimes

*If you hate doing nothing so much, why are you still here? It has been a month.*

a month is nothing

been around since forever remember

*Right. You will get bored eventually, though?*

yeahhh prob

its fine tho that wont be for a while

besides the point is that i get bored

so i understand what itll feel like if what happened last time happens again

kinda defeats the purpose if i leave as soon as i stop being ok with it

*There is only so long that we can just take your word for it, you know.*

yeah

im sure u guys will figure something out tho

ur all scientists and stuff

****Interview 8****

Context: Dr. Heron interviewed the anomaly at least once every day for several weeks, although many of the aforementioned interviews didn't contain any information noteworthy enough to be relevant. Before the following interview, she had been absent from her work for 8 days for classified reasons.

hey

where were u

r u ok

wht happened

u were gone for like a week

*Would you at least let me sit down before bombarding me with questions?*

you were gone for a week

*Yes. I was sick.*

nobody told me anything

*Telling you when I am sick is not a part of anyone's job.*

well can it like

be someones job

asap pls and ty

*You do not need to know when I am sick. You are not in a position to be demanding these kinds of things.*

what, cause im trapped here? news flash: im not

i can just leave

*I thought you had your reasons for staying here.*

yeah

well id rather float endlessly through space and get bored that way than sit here worrying just to find out i was the only one out of the loop

*How long will it be until you give up, though? When humans are trying to break a bad habit, it is easy for them to relapse without others helping them through it. I would not be surprised if you are the same.*

(Note: There is an hour long pause. Dr. Heron remained seated in front of the computer the whole time.)

sorry

ive been paranoid

that hasn't happened before

it won't happen again, pinkie promise

*Good. To ensure it does not happen again, in the case that I am not available, you will be receiving a check-in every few days.*

alright cool

**Incident Report 3:** A week after Interview 8, Dr. [REDACTED] discovered his 17 year old child speaking to their computer with no applications open. He happened to be aware of Dr. Heron's work with the anomaly, and after noticing some similarities, reported the incident to her.

****Interview 9****

*You know what I am here to speak with you about.*

nope

*Yes you do.*

think ur losing it

*That was an incredibly pathetic attempt at gaslighting.*

uhm actually

that was uhhhhh

truthful

*Stop deflecting. You have not been keeping your word. You left containment.*

what was i supposed to do ok

i overheard dr [REDACTED] talking abt how his kids going through stuff

was i just supposed to like

sit around

or something

*Yes. That is his business, not yours.*

he wasnt doing anything tho

well

not anything helpful

*But it is not your job to do anything about that, even if that is the case.*

so u agree

*No.*

ok

*Have you forgotten what happened the last time you spoke to people outside of this facility?*

i think i know what to avoid now

*No you do not. You do not know humans. It does not matter how long you have been around, or how much you have seen, because no matter what happens, you will never know how to avoid hurting everyone.*

right

do you know how to avoid it though

*What are you trying to say?*

do any of you know how to avoid it

maybe people just hurt each other sometimes

people get hurt whether you talk to them or not

why not take the risk

*I cannot risk you leaving containment.*

why are you the one who gets to make that decision

*Because I* youre not some kind of damn martyr

*Did you seriously just interrupt me? You're being childish.*

im older than your entire family tree combined

why are you getting so mad

something i said

upset cause i can move past my mistakes and you cant

*I'm doing my job.*

i dont think calling the entities childish is part of the job description heron

do you feel guilty about something

do you regret it heron

is that why youre so mad

cause you cant admit to yourself that im not the person youre talking about when you say those things

when you say that im childish

when you say that i cant avoid hurting people

youre talking about yourself heron

thats what you think about yourself

about what you did

and i want you to realize that it isnt true

Dr. Heron was forcibly removed from the room shortly after.

****Interview 10****

Context: Dr. Heron was given a warning about her temper, but was still allowed to continue her research on the entity. The temporary special containment procedure update was created just before the following interview.

i can see you

you know that

*Yes.*

stop just watching me

i havent even done anything since last time

*We have no way of verifying that.*

listen i get it if youre mad about me lying

i get it rlly

but like

you dont understand

i thought it would just be

like

i thought itd be simple

just get bored

understand consequences

yeah

wrong

loud incorrect buzzer sound effect

*You will stay here from now on.*

let me finish

you really do not understand

it hurts

i feel like im burning alive

being trapped here

it was fine before

but i just

i need to talk to people

i need to like

be good

i dont feel things the same way you do

when i know there are people hurting

and i know im not there

it kills me

and when im the reason people are hurting

i just

i cant take it

i cant feel pain but im feeling pain

*I am not your therapist.*

youre not my friend either

are you

god im stupid

none of you people give a shit

all you care about is your damn [DATA EXPUNGED]

you dont care what happens to anyone

human or not

*That is not true.*

im done here

**Incident Report 4:** Immediately following interview 10, several low-risk anomalies were released from their containment, which was later confirmed to be due to the entity manipulating the electronic components of their security measures. It took approximately 3 hours to contain each of them, and by the time the facility was secure, the entity had left the premises. Nobody was harmed during the breach, however the building sustained minor damage, and many electrical systems had to be reset.

**Incident Report 5:** The entity returned to containment three months after the breach. According to Dr. Heron, no conversations of note have occurred since then. It is unclear why the entity has returned.

**Special Containment Procedure Component 1:** Due to the unique nature of the anomaly, it is possible to conduct experiments remotely. Those who have been permitted are to be given a password by the Senior Researcher haha finally figured out how to get into the html. im lonely come talk to me, the password is heronsux. i changed it to that lol the other password was cringe and boring  .

 **REMOTE ACCESS TERMINAL**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@~~-~~-@@

Welcome, [INFORMATION MISSING]

@@~~-~~-@@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

> yooo hey

> oh yea u cant type can u lol

> they rlly screwed this thing up didnt they

> oh well

> have some options or something

> you literally just read abt me lol ask better questions

> shut it

> im workin on it dw

> heron is too

> cause i got a good deal

> youre a nosy one arent you

> youre lucky i like oversharing

> basically i get to do my stuff just gotta get like

> permission and stuff

> heron

> im doing well

> heron is dealing with paperwork

> and also apparently researching containment procedures according to the thingy at the top

> rude much

> mostly just talking

> plus like

> weird electromagnetic stuff

> im not into science ok

> im not a NERD like heron

> ask her instead

> were chill now

> completely uhhhh

> swaggy

> she spends time with me and in return i dont do stuff without permission

> 10/10 deal imo

> oh also i keep signing her up for random newsletters loll

> im sure she appreciates the weekly updates on video game bug fixes

> they only gave me solitaire and minesweeper

> dw i pirated all of the [DATA EXPUNGED] games tho so its cool

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8862](SCP-8862) | SCP-8863 | [SCP-8864](SCP-8864) >>
