=====

=====

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-8165-A does not violate Veil protocol, SCP-8165-A is allowed to continue its operations within a Foundation designated area. SCP-8165-A has remained cooperative with the Foundation. No further actions must be taken.

**Description:** SCP-8165-A is a twenty-eight year old Japanese-American woman with the anomalous capability to transform a human subject into a mannequin, labelled SCP-8165-B, for an indefinite amount of time. SCP-8165-A claims that the transformation requires the subject's willing consent, and has refused to attempt the transformation on an unwilling party. SCP-8165-A and the subject will negotiate an amount of time for the transformation, and all SCP-8165-B instances will be returned to baseline humans once the time is up. SCP-8165-A is currently in possession of 8 SCP-8165-B instances, which are utilized for the displaying and making of clothing for SCP-8165-A's clothing store.

**Discovery:** In the area of Springfield, Missouri, a series of people with anomalous connections were reported missing, a few of which were found completely unharmed several months later. Independent investigations into each of these disappearances traced back to a clothing store known as *Sumie Mizuno's Handmade Boutique*. A Foundation agent was deployed to investigate the area and interview SCP-8165-A.

**Addendum 8165.A:** Interview with SCP-8165-A

**Interview Log**

**Officer of Record:** Agent. V. Kinsley

**Subject:** SCP-8165-A

---

*<Begin Log.>*

*<Kinsley enters Sumie Mizuno's Handmade Boutique.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** Hello there! Are you from out of town?

**Agent Kinsley:** Do I look that much like a tourist?

**SCP-8165-A:** You certainly look like you know more about fashion than most of my customers! Would you like to put your umbrella in the stand?

**Agent Kinsley:** I'll hold it.

*<Kinsley begins traversing the store and flipping through items of clothing hung up on racks.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** I must ask, do you use any specific product to get your hair that color? It looks great!

**Agent Kinsley:** I'm afraid this is all natural. Albinism runs in the family.

**SCP-8165-A:** Ah, well, I thought I'd ask.

**Agent Kinsley:** I understand. [My girlfriend](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/polly-the-hole) has been trying to dye her hair for weeks and she keeps telling me about how jealous she is of my hair. Me? I like my hair as its natural color.

**SCP-8165-A:** If you need any help, I would love to show you some cute accessories I have on sale!

**Agent Kinsley:** I think I'm good on accessories.

*<Kinsley makes a loop around the store, making note of an emergency exit and an Employee's Only door. She circles back to the front to observe an SCP-8165-B instance in the window display.>*

**Agent Kinsley:** Are you the only employee here?

**SCP-8165-A:** Sometimes I'll have another cashier and a janitor in, but right now it's just me in.

**Agent Kinsley:** And you own this place?

**SCP-8165-A:** Yes? Why do you ask?

**Agent Kinsley:** Just curious.

*<Kinsley grabs the price tag hanging off one of the display dresses. The price is $500.>*

**Agent Kinsley:** Woof! Can you tell me a bit more about this dress?

*<SCP-8165-A approaches, lifts the mannequin off of the display, and sets it down.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** This dress is hand made, down to every last bead and sequin. The light fabric makes it perfect for nice, sunny days like today! Doesn't she just look absolutely beautiful in it?

*<SCP-8165-A spreads out the fabric on the skirt to better show off the stitch work.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** Can I help you with anything else?

**Agent Kinsley:** Yes, do you know a Sanja Huber?

*<Silence for ten seconds.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** Well, yes. He came down here a few months ago.

**Agent Kinsley:** What about an Alice Mendes?

**SCP-8165-A:** Have these people gotten into some sort of trouble?

**Agent Kinsley:** Sanja Huber was reported missing for six months. Alice Mendes has been missing for four months, with her last known location being here.

*<After a pause, SCP-8165-A laughs.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** Are you with Unusual Incidents?

**Agent Kinsley:** Foundation, actually.

**SCP-8165-A:** Would you like to come with me into the back? I have seating and tea.

**Agent Kinsley:** Sounds fine.

*<Kinsley follows SCP-8165-A into the Employee's Only area. It is a filled with various clothing materials and four SCP-8165-B instances. Kinsley is seated on a loveseat and given a glass of tea which she does not touch.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** Where should we start? Are you here for my services or is this strictly business?

**Agent Kinsley:** You can start by explaining what your services are and what you've done with Alice Mendes.

**SCP-8165-A:** Why, you just saw Alice Mendes in the window!

**Agent Kinsley:** The...? Mannequin?

*<SCP-8165-A cocks its head to the side.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** Were you not aware of my entire operation? I don't mean to throw any sort of shade, but even the UIU agent came to me from one of my dating profiles!

*<Kinsley clears her throat.>*

**Agent Kinsley:** Can you elaborate for the record?

**SCP-8165-A:** For the record? Is there a microphone in that umbrella of yours? I thought you looked strange coming in here with that.

**Agent Kinsley:** The umbrella is just mine.

*<SCP-8165-A clasps its hands together.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** Well, I do just sell clothes here, but I figure that's not what you're asking about. Ever since I was a little girl I've always loved mannequins! Haven't you ever gone to a nice clothing store just to look at a really handsome mannequin?

**Agent Kinsley:** I can't say I have.

**SCP-8165-A:** They're just so bold. You know, confidence is always sexy, and a mannequin, well their whole job is to be on display. They're not allowed to shy away or get stage fright, they just have to take all the attention given to them, no matter what they're dressed in.

**Agent Kinsley:** Um, okay, but-

**SCP-8165-A:** And I just love dressing them up so much! Showering them in compliments or teasing them when I put them in something revealing. Making them just revel in the attention! With their bold and stoic expressions. They have to go on display and everyone gets to look at them and know how much of a-

**Agent Kinsley:** About the transformation thing! Can you tell me more about that?

**SCP-8165-A:** So, after I quit my last job with Power's Referring to *Heritage Luminos: A Power's Clothing Brand*, a brand known for use of anomalous materials and techniques in the manufacturing of clothing. , I thought: *"What's better than being attracted to a mannequin? Having one that's into you back!"* So, after a trip to the Library-

**Agent Kinsley:** Library with a capital L?

**SCP-8165-A:** That would be the one! I got a few books on transformation, set up a few dating profiles, and well...

*<SCP-8165-A looks to the SCP-8165-B instances and blushes.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** Found a few people interested in making my dream come true.

**Agent Kinsley:** So you advertised that fact that you were interested in turning people into mannequins, and people signed up for that?

**SCP-8165-A:** Yep! They come to me, we talk out a time, and I turn them into a mannequin for that long! Some people even ask to be transformed for longer after the initial time runs out!

**Agent Kinsley:** So, you can turn them back into people?

**SCP-8165-A:** Didn't I just say that?

**Agent Kinsley:** I was leading into my next question. Could you allow me to speak to some of your... mannequins? To get a better idea of what it is you do here?

**SCP-8165-A:** If that's what you would like!

*<End Log.>*

**Addendum 8165.B:** Interview with SCP-8165-B-1 and SCP-8165-B-6

**Interview Log**

**Officer of Record:** Agent. V. Kinsley

**Subject:** SCP-8165-A, Niyom Bunchai SCP-8165-B-1 , Alice Mendes SCP-8165-B-6 

---

*<Begin Log.>*

*<SCP-8165-A stands beside two SCP-8165-B instances. It places a hand on either instance's shoulder. Cracks form in the mannequin's white outer shells and begin to flake over, revealing skin underneath. When these chips hit the ground they disappear.>*

*<Mendes takes a wobbly step forward and is caught by SCP-8165-A. Mendes shakes her dress skirt to dislodge the remaining plastic chips. Kinsley offers Bunchai assistance in sitting down.>*

*<Thirty minutes of extraneous footage removed.>*

**Agent Kinsley:** So you're Alice Mendes?

**Alice Mendes:** The one and only!

**Agent Kinsley:** And you are...?

**Niyom Bunchai:** You can call me Niyom. I've been here the longest out of the current batch.

**Alice Mendes:** I'm curious, who reported me missing?

*<Kinsley pulls out a notebook and flips through a collection of notes.>*

**Agent Kinsley:** A Donn Hodge. Claims to have been your boyfriend?

**Alice Mendes:** Oh, that fucking guy. I dumped him weeks ago.

**Agent Kinsley:** Well, you have been missing for four months now.

*<Mendes flushes.>*

**Alice Mendes:** Right, time gets a little fuzzy when you're *in there*.

*<Mendes gestures to herself.>*

**Alice Mendes:** I promise my whole *disappearance* was completely my choice.

**Agent Kinsley:** So, you agreed to this disappearance to avoid your ex?

**Alice Mendes:** On no! *<Mendes laughs.>* That's a bit of a jump. Haha! No, I hooked up with Sumie for myself!

**Agent Kinsley:** You wanted to be turned into a mannequin? For fun?

**Alice Mendes:** It's really quite relaxing. I don't have to worry about work, or preparing meals, or making sure I get enough sleep! I don't have to do anything at all.

**Agent Kinsley:** Because you can't do anything at all.

**Alice Mendes:** It's nice! Having all of the options taken away and knowing you'll be cared for anyway.

**Agent Kinsley:** What if you wanted to go out somewhere, or watch a show? Wouldn't you like to be able to do that?

**Alice Mendes:** Maybe? I can't say those things matter any more to me now than they did when I was a mannequin.

**Agent Kinsley:**  *<to Bunchai>* what about you? How did you end up *agreeing* to this.

**Niyom Bunchai:** For a bit I was struggling to hold down any sort of stop. I lived in a community house, so I had a roof, but I still had to go down to the temp agency every week to take any odd job I could get. It was actually taking a temp position in an MCD warehouse Foundation sources are still attempting to locate said MCD warehouse. that got me into all of this magic stuff.

**Agent Kinsley:** So you agreed to this in order to get out of a tough work situation?

**Niyom Bunchai:** Pretty much. I got introduced to this dating site by a coworker. I wasn't really sure about commitment, but Sumie's profile intrigued me. And, secretly, I've always had a bit of a transformation kink.

**Agent Kinsley:** Wait.

**Niyom Bunchai:** So when I messaged Sumie and she-

**Agent Kinsley:** Wait! Is this a fetish for you all?

*<Silence for fifteen seconds.>*

**SCP-8165-A:** Was I not clear about my attraction to mannequins?

**Agent Kinsley:** You were...

**SCP-8165-A:** I guess I shouldn't have expected a Foundationer to be open minded.

**Agent Kinsley:** I'm not trying to be *closed minded*! I just have to write a report to my bosses about this.

**Alice Mendes:** Is there a problem?

**Niyom Bunchai:** What, are your bosses going to try and shut us down for having non-conventional sex?

**Agent Kinsley:** Yes. No! Look, I've got no problem with people having whatever sex they want to have. But we can not allow the anomalous to operate openly like this!

**SCP-8165-A:** If I may at least defend myself, everyone who has come to seek my services has been fully aware of both my intentions and abilities. And I've managed to run this store for years before your Foundation found me!

**Agent Kinsley:** I just don't know if my bosses will see it that way.

**SCP-8165-A:** There must be something I can do I defend myself. Maybe I could transform you for a day or two and let you get a first hand look at how I run things!

**Agent Kinsley:** You want me to... participate?

**SCP-8165-A:** Just the first suggestion that came to mind.

*<A pause.>*

**Agent Kinsley:** I could mention it.

*<End Log.>*

**Addendum 8165.C:** Interview with Agent V. Kinsley

**Interview Log**

**Officer of Record:** Agent Baritone

**Subject:** Agent V. Kinsley

**Forward:** Upon coming out of her SCP-8165-B transformation, Agent Kinsley was brought in for questioning.

---

*<Begin Log.>*

*<For an hour following her exit from the SCP-8165-B transformation, Kinsley struggled to speak or move and was cared for by SCP-8165-A. Baritone arrived at Sumie Mizuno's Handmade Boutique to pick up Kinsley and transported her to the nearest secure site.>*

**Agent Baritone:** Am I right in reading that you just spent a week... transformed into a mannequin?

**Agent Kinsley:** Yep.

**Agent Baritone:** Well? What was that like?

**Agent Kinsley:** I still feel like I'm just waking up. Give me a moment.

**Agent Baritone:** We're in no hurry here.

*<Kinsley is provided with a water bottle.>*

**Agent Kinsley:** It was interesting. Have you ever been in a sensory deprivation tank?

**Agent Baritone:** As part of Foundation MTF training, yes.

**Agent Kinsley:** It's sort of like that, but the tank is skin tight. I couldn't see really, but I still had an awareness of my surroundings and what I was dressed in. And I could tell when the person around me was Sumie or a customer.

**Agent Baritone:** Sumie? Is that SCP-8165-A?

*<Kinsley blushes.>*

**Agent Kinsley:** Yes, that's what I meant. I could also hear when she was speaking to me, or there was a conversation around me, but the exact details didn't stick with me. It wasn't like my hearing was muffled, but like I was just not capable of keeping thoughts.

**Agent Baritone:** So this transformation would not be useful for say, spy work?

**Agent Kinsley:** If you want to think of it like that, no, it wouldn't be useful for that.

**Agent Baritone:** So all of your senses were completely muffled?

**Agent Kinsley:** Yes, sort of. I couldn't really gauge sounds or sights or temperatures very well, but I could feel when I had clothes on. Or when anyone touched me, the warmth and pressure reached me if nothing else did. I was very sensitive to every change in texture and weight and coverage.

**Agent Baritone:** You were undressed and redressed multiple time during this process?

**Agent Kinsley:** I mean, I *was* a mannequin.

**Agent Baritone:** While you were transformed, could you communicate at all with the other -B instances?

**Agent Kinsley:** No. From my perspective they might as well have just been regular mannequins. I do vaguely remember seeing one of the mannequins get, uh, re-humaned? And I saw Su- SCP-8165-A helping them exit the store.

**Agent Baritone:** Could you describe the process of being transformed for the record?

**Agent Kinsley:** The transformation took about half an hour, not including times I messed it up. Even a small movement could ruin the whole transformation, which makes me more inclined to believe that consent is a required part of this whole *thing*.

**Agent Baritone:** If you knocked someone out, couldn't they be transformed without consent?

**Agent Kinsley:** I guess... but if your goal was in incapacitate someone, why bother with the full on transformation?

*<Baritone shrugs.>*

**Agent Baritone:** Long term storage?

*<Kinsley does not respond. Baritone clears her throat.>*

**Agent Baritone:** I am led to understand that this is considered a fetish for all those involved.

**Agent Kinsley:** Yes.

**Agent Baritone:** It's a bit strange, isn't it?

**Agent Kinsley:** You could probably say that about any fetish and they'll still do it. It's not hurting anyone.

**Agent Baritone:** It could be a problem if the general public found out about it.

**Agent Kinsley:** I don't see that happening. Everyone involved in this is someone already on the other side of the Veil.

**Agent Baritone:** So then, did you enjoy being a mannequin?

*<Ten seconds of silence.>*

**Agent Kinsley:** I don't think I really have to answer that.

*<End Log.>*

---

**Note:** With Agent Baritone's sign off, *Sumie Mizuno's Handmade Boutique* has been allowed to stay open under the current Foundation agreement.

<< [SCP-8164](SCP-8164) | SCP-8165 | [SCP-8166](SCP-8166) >>

> **Filename:** Someone dancing crazy, Beyoğlu 7May23.jpg

> **Author:** Mariam elr

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Someone_dancing_crazy,_Beyo%C4%9Flu_7May23.jpg

> **Filename:** Wannda Mannequin.jpg

> **Author:** Casey Hugelfink

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Wannda_Mannequin.jpg
