.info-container{

--barColour: #c2c2c7;

--linkColour: #212325;

}

.story{

    border-right:solid 3px #c2c2c7;

    border-left:solid 3px #c2c2c7;

    background:#2b2d2f;

    width:90%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

.files{

    border:solid 2px #c2c2c7;

    background: #2b2d2f;

    width:90%;

    padding:1px 15px;

    margin: 10px auto;

}

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:anomaly-class-bar-source">:scp-wiki:component:anomaly-class-bar-source</a>

|item-number= 8370

|clearance= 3

|container-class= safe

|secondary-class= none

|disruption-class= none

|risk-class= none

|inc-split-color= --]

]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:customizable-acs">:scp-wiki:component:customizable-acs</a>

|containment-class= safe

|containment-image= https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/component%3Aanomaly-class-bar/safe-icon.svg

|containment-color= 194, 194, 199

|inc-neutralized-layout = --]

]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:customizable-acs">:scp-wiki:component:customizable-acs</a>

|clearance-three= 194, 194, 199

|inc-clearance= --]

]]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:customizable-acs">:scp-wiki:component:customizable-acs</a>

|accent-one= 194, 194, 199

|accent-two= 194, 194, 199

|class-number-color= 194, 194, 199

|inc-color-accent = --]

]]

---

**▶ Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8370 possesses self-containing properties and is thus not deemed to pose a risk to the Veil. All instances of SCP-8370-1 are to be surveyed via an Extra-Universal Observer.

**▶ Description:** SCP-8370 is an anomalous phenomenon that periodically affects humans below the physical age of twenty-one (21). Aforementioned individuals affected by SCP-8370 will undergo a series of major probabilistic altercations which ultimately lead to the spontaneous manifestation of an instance of SCP-8370-1. 

SCP-8370-1 is an isolated extra-universal plane of existence occurring in concurrence with our current reality. Information located within the plane of existence is directly created in relation to the interests and goals of the affected subject. Due to SCP-8370-1 existing alongside our current reality, an individual's consciousness may inhabit both planes contemporaneously. When the conscious inhabits SCP-8370-1, the conscious simultaneously in our baseline reality will undergo dramatic temporal regression. Research has suggested that time flows approximately nineteen (19) quintillion times more slowly when an individual is inhabiting an instance of SCP-8370-1.

After the manifestation of SCP-8370-1, the subject will be instantaneously transposed onto the aforementioned plane of existence. 

---

#### **Event Log - 8370.E.03**

**▶ Date:** 05/05/2012

**▶ Specific Subject:** Felix Rossi, 13

**▶ Context:** Subject was transposed onto SCP-8370-1.03 at approximately 13:08 UTC. Audio and video recording successfully captured via Extra-Universal Observer "Nightingale". Approximately 6 hours of footage was extracted and processed. Footage was later selected for review and manually transcribed into text.

---

An instance of SCP-8370-1 usually contains multiple instances of SCP-8370-2. SCP-8370-2 are animalistic, anthropomorphic, or humanoid entities that inhabit SCP-8370-1. All instances of SCP-8370-2 are sentient, sapient, nonviolent towards the subject, and capable of human speech. 

The entities seem to be drawn to approach the subject and will consistently attempt to engage the subject in a series of activities that appear to require the subject's direct intervention.

*For ease of cross-referencing, all instances of SCP-8370-2 have been provided specific labels.*

---

#### **Subfable 1 - 8370.E.03**

= **❰❰ BEGIN LOG ❱❱**

*Subject is seen startled standing within a large clearing. Trumpets can be heard in the distance. Subject then silently sits down. An instance of SCP-8370-2 manifests, resembling a dragon in western mythology. It approaches the subject, exhaling {{fire}} out of its nose.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** Uhh, nope, nope!

*Subject pinches themselves in the arms. The large entity roars.*

*A humanoid entity in metallic armor approaches the subject. It is noted that the humanoid is wearing its helmet backwards. The entity unsheathes its sword.*

**▶ Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel:** Duel me, thee monster! 

*The entity strikes Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel using its front leg. Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel falls back.*

**▶ Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel:** It seemeth thee hasn't bested me, but I shall best backeth!

*The entity proceeds to {{burn}} the clearing in front of F. Rossi. Subject screams and then begins running away. Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel follows. After the entity is out of subject's peripheral vision, it demanifests.*

*Subject places their hand on Sir Jenesuis Pas Reél's shoulder.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** Well, that's enough adventure. Bye-bye, world!

*Subject attempts to snap their fingers. Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel holds up a scroll.*

**▶ Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel:** Heareth ye, mine own dearest cousin! As sir Jenesuis Pas Réel, grand knight of Straparola, I been hath sent here, to this field of reed and mice, to bid thee yond our marchioness, in all her greatness, hast did summon thee to appeareth to her! Anon, walketh with me to her castle, mine own dear, dear brother!

**▶ F. Rossi:** I'm not sure I follow. Also why am I still here?

**▶ Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel:** Oh mine own word, thou art speaking so eloquently! Doth followeth me, then, humourer.

*Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel begins walking away. Subject stands up and follows.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** Okay, where am I?

**▶ Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel:** Thou art in but paradise, mine own knave.

**▶ F. Rossi:** Sorry, sorry, I just began to sleep and now I am here? Can you explain?

**▶ Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel:** All shall maketh senseth. Anon, enjoyeth the valorous view.

**▶ F. Rossi:** I highly doubt people spoke like this back in your days.

*Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel continues to walk. The clearing transitions into a red stone {{road}}. Entities resembling trees loom over the sides of the road. Subject turns to observe their surroundings. The humanoid then taps on one of the {{trees}} repeatedly.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** Anyhow, I have to get back. Can you like, you know, send me back? I've, uhh, had enough adventure for today! You know? Please?

**▶ Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel:** Oh, stout guardian of the forest, doth alloweth us passeth thy naughty traps!

**▶ F. Rossi:** Person. Knight. Whoever. I'm literally begging you to let me leave.

*An animalistic entity resembling a snake emerges from the foliage of the {{tree}}.*

**▶ Snake:** Ssssssso you want to leave the world of our creation? Then you shall sssssssolve my quest.

**▶ F. Rossi:** Sure, sure, of course. But can I go first?

**▶ Snake:** Ssssssimply come with us to the castle, and your wishes will be granted.

**▶ F. Rossi:** Cool, cool, look, I don't really care.

*The snake pauses.*

**▶ Snake:** You are mysteriously unenthusiastic compared to some of my other clients. Do you know why you are here?

**▶ F. Rossi:** Oh, I'm sorry, should I?

*The snake transverses out of the {{tree}}.*

**▶ Snake:** I assume that's a no.

**▶ F. Rossi:** Acute observation.

**▶ Snake:** Jenesuis, leave for a moment. Felix, Let me change the question. Do you know what you want to do?

*Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel demanifests.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** For my future? Not particularly, and I would prefer if you sent me back, string-thing.

*The snake sighs.*

**▶ Snake:** Insulting me is not going to particularly help your chances of exiting my realm, youngling.

**▶ F. Rossi:** Yeah, well, I have classes. And school. And tuition. And I might possibly die. A bloody dragon chased me!

**▶ Snake:** Don't worry. Time stops when you are in here. While we figure things out, you won't miss a thing. Furthermore, I control everyone here. They will not hurt you anymore.

**▶ F. Rossi:** What's the point of bringing me here if not to waste my time or kill me?

*The snake transverses on the {{ground}} onto F. Rossi's right leg.*

**▶ Snake:** I brought you here to help you, Felix.

---

It has been strongly hypothesised that there is one entity directly controlling all others within SCP-8370-1. The instance has been labelled "SCP-8370-2.OV" by Foundation researchers. Due to the numerous pieces of evidence gathered, this document shall assume said hypothesis, and all resulting conclusions from said hypothesis, are true.

After an inconsistent period of time, SCP-8370-2.OV or other instances of SCP-8370-2 will initiate a conversation regarding the subject's future aspirations and goals.

---

#### **Subfable 2 - 8370.E.03**

*The snake and F. Rossi walk through the {{trees}}, with the snake wrapped on F. Rossi's left shoulder.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** So, you jumpscare everyone with a dragon?

**▶ Snake:** Not always. Information on you hinted that you would be more open to this type of adventure. However, it seems like it was incorrect.

**▶ F. Rossi:** Thought you were omnipresent.

**▶ Snake:** All-powerful in these realities, correct. However, I lack the capabilities to objectively understand the baseline reality that you originated from. I treat each client differently based on what I observe about them, but there is a chance that I do not see the whole picture. I do digress now. What do you enjoy currently?

**▶ F. Rossi:** Well, frank, but, I suppose I do like STEM-related subjects. Like math, physics, that kinda stuff.

**▶ Snake:** It seems like I would be able to assist you better if I am more plain-spoken. Do you consider yourself proficient in these areas?

**▶ F. Rossi:** Yeah, well, I am quite good, I would say.

*F. Rossi nods their heads, examining the surroundings.*

**▶ Snake:** Wonderful. Your achievements indicated the same verdict that you had just reached. Do you think that being interested in these topics made you adroit at them, Felix?

**▶ F. Rossi:** Sure, I guess. I had been good at math for as long as I had remembered. I mean, yeah, in my elementary school, I won these competitions and stuff. From what I know, I liked it every time I did a question right. Why?

**▶ Snake:** To help you, friend. We have been over this. How did you feel when you solved a question incorrectly, then?

**▶ F. Rossi:** Incorrectly? I rarely have that, surely.

**▶ Snake:** Please, answer the question.

**▶ F. Rossi:** Ahh, it's kind of awkward, you know? For one test, I suppose, I didn't do that well. 

*The snake seems to examine the subject's facial expressions.*

**▶ Snake:** Again, then, how did you feel?

**▶ F. Rossi:** Well, I was kind of sad, then. It didn't feel that good.

**▶ Snake:** Why did you feel negatively? What did you think would happen afterwards?

**▶ F. Rossi:** Nothing, I guess. Just felt bad.

**▶ Snake:** Did you feel bad about your performance, or feel bad about yourself?

*F. Rossi pauses, then strokes the snake with their right thumb.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** The latter.

**▶ Snake:** Yes. And why would doing badly make you feel bad about yourself?

**▶ F. Rossi:** Felt like I failed something I was supposed to be good at, no?

**▶ Snake:** I understand. Had you been less proficient at math, would you still enjoy it?

**▶ F. Rossi:** Ugh, I wouldn't particularly know then. Are you trying to tell me I don't like math in general?

*The snake traverses from the subject's shoulder towards the {{ground}}.*

**▶ Snake:** Not at all. Some clients keep with their original interests, and others identify new ones. What do you think?

*Subject shutters.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** I- I don't really know. Could you, like, rephrase the question?

**▶ Snake:** Do you enjoy math because you are exceptional at it, or are you exceptional at math because you like it?

*F. Rossi sits down on the {{ground}}. The snake spirals in front of the subject.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** I don't. I- think I need to think more. Do I have to talk to you about this?

**▶ Snake:** No. You may keep your thoughts private. You have as long as you would like.

**▶ F. Rossi:** What will you say? If, say, I do?

**▶ Snake:** I will comfort and encourage you. I do not have access to your reality in any way, so anything you say is between you and me. Forever.

*Subject looks down.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** L- look, man, I don't know. I don't know about math, I don't know about hobbies. For as long as I knew, I had this, gosh, what do you call it? Expectation? Yeah, that, on my shoulders. 

*Subject pauses, then sniffles.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** It's terrifying. I- it really fucking is, I tell you. Everything you do, every step you take. I promise you I did like math at the start. Promise. Then, the first time I did well, everyone looked at me like I was different. Like I was better. Then I did more competitions and problems and exams, and, every other time I did good, it became less like a {{miracle}}. I don't know when, but eventually people just expected me to do more. They said, "Oh, Felix could solve this instantly!", "You should be more like Felix!", "See how much Felix is faster than you?" It was students, friends, parents, teachers. And you know what? I played into it! Like I was a {{god}}. 

*Subject begins to cry. The snake wraps itself around subject's right tarsus.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** But I'm not one, am I? I'm not invincible. I can't just always ace the test, or get first in the school, or beat college students, always. It's not possible, but everyone, everyone just assumes that you can do it. So I study harder. I work harder. I do more, and more, and more, but it's not enough, because I'm not some sort of {{genius}}. The weight they put on me was suffocating. It physically hurt. I walked into a contest with my fist sweating because I'm scared of what would happen to me if I don't do well. If I don't perform to their expectations.

Eventually, every test I did was for others. I felt relief and not happiness every time I did well. Relief that I did not fail others. Relief that I wasn't a {{failure}}. That I wasn't some kind of {{golden bull}} or a {{false idol}} or a {{fraud}}. I stopped enjoying math. I arguably hated it. 

*Subject stops crying, then stands up, looking away from the snake.*

The very first time I flunked a test, it was a flurry. I felt bad. Really bad. I felt useless. I wanted to disappear. I told myself that everyone would point and laugh at me. Say horrible things. I refused to go to school the day after. Did terrible things to myself.

*F. Rossi stops speaking. The snake traverses up a {{tree}}.*

**▶ Snake:** I am so sorry to hear that, Felix. Is there anything else you would like to share?

*F. Rossi looks at the snake.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** It's okay now, I think. It felt good to get that shit out of my body. D- do you think I could still do math?

**▶ Snake:** That is up to you, my dear. You get to decide when or whether you will be ready. You are gifted, and you did enjoy it for a while. The expectations placed on you were unhealthy, which led to this. If you decide to continue mathematics, remember that you are doing the subject for yourself.

*Subject sniffles, then smiles.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** Yeah, I will. Thank you, friend.

---

It is observed that SCP-8370-2.OV possesses the full agency to demanifest instances of SCP-8370-1. When such an event occurs, individuals within SCP-8370-1 lose all memories created within SCP-8370-1. The method or reason that such a phenomenon occurs is currently unknown, although it is believed not all memory is lost and that traces are kept by the affected subject after the demanifestation of the plane of existence.

---

#### **Subfable 3 - 8370.E.03**

*The snake and F. Rossi are within a clearing. Chimes of bells sound in the distance.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** I really appreciated this, friend. What happens now?

**▶ Snake:** I send you back now. You forget this ever happened and keep living your original life.

**▶ F. Rossi:** Sorry, what? Everything?

*The snake prods its head up and down.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** I can't have this! How am I supposed to remember what I did here? What if I do those things again? Send me back with my memories, please!

**▶ Snake:** I apologise, but I must not.

**▶ F. Rossi:** Then what was the bloody point of this? I was sent here to vent, then you're gonna make me go back to the same life without this bloody realisation? How is this fair?

**▶ Snake:** I promise you, you will remember this. You will not be able to refer to this explicitly, but the time you have spent here will guide you for the rest of your life.

*F. Rossi shakes their head.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** I don't get this.

**▶ Snake:** Trust me. Your time is not wasted.

*Subject Sighs.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** Sure, then. 

**▶ Snake:** Good. Now, are you ready for this?

**▶ F. Rossi:** W- wait! 

**▶ Snake:** Yes?

**▶ F. Rossi:** Do I get to see you again?

**▶ Snake:** My dear, when you go back, look to the night sky. Look at all the stars. For every single spot that you are able to see, I will be there, helping yet another client. You will always get to see me. Always. I promise.

**▶ F. Rossi:** I'll look at the stars every night, then.

*The snake chuckles.*

**▶ Snake:** I enjoyed this fleeting moment. Unfortunately, I simply cannot keep you here any longer.

*Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel manifests, waving a large banner.*

**▶ Sir Jenesuis Pas Réel:** I desire thee did savour this adventure! Farewell, cousin!

*F. Rossi smiles.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** I'll see you all soon.

**▶ Snake:** Of course, friend.

*A large {{portal}} manifests behind F. Rossi.*

**▶ F. Rossi:** Woa- woah!

*F. Rossi is pulled towards the {{portal}}. Subject demanifests from the plane of existence. Footage recorded collapses afterwards.*

= **❰❰ END LOG ❱❱**

---

#### **Afterword - 8370.E.03**

**▶ Date:** 05/05/2025

**▶ Specific Subject:** Felix Rossi, 26

**▶ Notes:** Subject is currently studying pure mathematics and pursuing a postgraduate degree. Of note, the subject has also founded an organisation focused on providing students in secondary education resources for mental health.

---

<< [SCP-8369](SCP-8369) | SCP-8370 | [SCP-8371](SCP-8371) >>
