**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation webcrawlers are to monitor the #slugposting hashtag on the social media platform Bluesky for new posts. In the event the post is an SCP-8568-A instance, the account that created it is to be banned from the website and the post taken down as soon as possible to minimize visibility. If the account or post is unable to be taken down, Foundation bot accounts are to downplay the posts as being from "gimmick accounts."

Meanwhile, incoming calls to the office of the Fresno Agricultural Commissioner are to be monitored for signs of potential SCP-8568-B infestations. Any callers with a probable infestation should be approached under standard cover story SCS-001 "Natural Conservation" and the affected area cordoned off and cleared of crops.

**Description:** SCP-8568 is the collective designation for two connected phenomena related to *Ariolimax columbianus*Pacific banana slugs in Fresno, California.

SCP-8568-A are posts on Bluesky that instruct slugs to "rise up" and "break the chains of the human hegemony."A full catalogue of images is available under Addendum 8568.1/All SCP-8568-A Instances. The accounts that create these posts are solely dedicated to this cause, posting nothing else, all linked to the domain of gastropodunity.███, and all posting from the Fresno area. As of 31 May 2024, there is no website hosted at gastropodunity.███. Additionally, the domain is registered to an individual named "Banan A. Slug," listed with a disconnected phone number, an email address from a throwaway website, and a PO box in Fresno registered to the same name. Investigation into this individual, hereby designated POI-8568, is underway.

The following days after an SCP-8568-A instance is posted, numerous *Ariolimax columbianus* will gather in patterns disruptive to local agriculture; these slugs are designated SCP-8568-B. In most respects, SCP-8568-B are completely mundane, with typical coloring, sizing, behavior patterns, etc. However, while outwardly identical to non-anomalous slugs, SCP-8568-B are particularly resistant to pest treatments and removal. Traps and barriers will be climbed over and avoided, chemical solutions will be ignored, instances removed from the area/directly killed will be replaced by more instances, etc.

The only known 100% effective method of removing SCP-8568-B is through wholesale removal of all agricultural products from the area. SCP-8568-B will remain for months, only leaving once a significant portion begin to aestivate.**Aestivation, n:** a period of dormancy and lower metabolic activity that occurs in dry or hot spells. While effective, this does necessitate intensive intrusion into local properties, as well as compensating or amnesticizing the property owner(s). The afflicted area can be used for planting again once the infestation is cleared; however, if this is done too soon, the SCP-8568-B population will recover. As such, it is recommended that the area be left fallow until the next planting season at minimum, in severe cases for over a year.

**Discovery:** On 17 March 2024, the first SCP-8568-A instance, designated SCP-8568-A-01, was posted by ariolimaxriseup.gastropodunity.███.

The post garnered a small amount of attention, accruing over 500 likes within 24 hours.Analysis of the accounts that liked/shared the post shows that a non-insignificant portion (~18%) were found to be other accounts under the gastropodunity.███ domain. This portion has grown as more SCP-8568-A instances have been posted. Full analysis can be found in Addendum 8568.1/All SCP-8568-A Instances. In the following week, the office of the Fresno Agricultural Commissioner received a large spike in reports of Pacific banana slug infestations from farmers. After several repeat complaints from one farmer in particular, embedded Foundation agents found the correlation to SCP-8568-A-01 and approached the farmer in question, a Paul MacDonald.

= **INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**DATE:** 25 March 2024, 13:20 local time

**INTERVIEWER:** Agent Leonard Sault, posing as a member of the Fresno Agricultural Commission

**INTERVIEWEE:** Paul MacDonald

Interview was conducted in MacDonald's home.

---

**Sault:** I hope I don't take too much of your time, Mr. MacDonald.

**MacDonald:** Hell, don't worry about nothing! And please, call me Paul. Have a seat. Can I getcha some iced tea?

**Sault:** No, thank you. I was hoping to ask you some questions about your recent complaints - a severe banana slug infestation?

**MacDonald:** Them damn things. Can't get rid of 'em no matter what I do! They just keep comin' for my tomatoes. Hell, they've basically taken over that whole corner of my field. Water?

**Sault:** I'm alright, really. When you say "taken over," what does that mean?

**MacDonald:** Oh, you can't go an inch without steppin' on one of 'em. Can't seem to kill enough to make a dent. Swear I never seen 'em this bad. And, to add insult to injury, I found this printed out and posted all over my damn shed out that way!

*(MacDonald presents a printout of the attached image.)*

*(Image was printed on standard 8.5 x 11 in sheet of printer paper. Designation as SCP-8568-C pending.)*

**MacDonald:** Kids these days! It's bad enough they go all communist, but they made this just to make fun of me! I swear, I get my mitts on one of them rotten teenagers... Caramel?

**Sault:** I'll pass. Well, Mr. MacDonald - Paul - I have other bad news for you. I did an inspection of the area and it appears there is a burrow of Fresno kangaroo rats there as well, which are a protected species. We'll have to section them off and clear the crops.

**MacDonald:** Clear the - is that normal? I can't go without no tomato crop. Speaking of, you want one?

**Sault:** Not this time. But, as far as clearing the field, in this case I'm afraid it's required. We need to restore the kangaroo rats' habitat.

**MacDonald:** *(Sighs)* Hell. Well, if it's for the rats, I s'pose. Gotta find a new spot next year... Oh, cookie? Wife made 'em fresh.

**Sault:** ...just one.

---

**NOTES:** Physical propaganda is concerning. We'd better keep a closer eye on this. -Sault

**Update 04 May 2024:** On 01 May 2024, at 13:42 Pacific Time, SCP-8568-A-12 was posted by slugtariat.gastropodunity.███.

On 03 May 2024, the office of the Fresno Agricultural Commissioner received a complaint from a farmer about "slugs all over my tractor." Agent Sault moved in to investigate.

= **INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**DATE:** 01 May 2024, 15:02 local time

**INTERVIEWER:** Agent Leonard Sault, posing as a member of the Fresno Agricultural Commission

**INTERVIEWEE:** MaryAnne Combs

Interview was conducted on Combs's field, at the location of the SCP-8568-B infestation.

---

**Combs:** ...here, see what I mean?

*(Combs has led Sault to her tractor, currently sitting near the barn. SCP-8568-B cluster in numerous spots on the surface of the vehicle.)*

**Sault:** Wow. I've never seen anything like this.

**Combs:** You don't say.

*(Combs climbs inside the vehicle and attempts to start it, to no success.)*

**Combs:** Now it won't even start, great.

**Sault:** Was it working yesterday?

**Combs:** About as good as it can. What kinda sick prank is this?

**Sault:** Great question. Mind if I take a peek at the engine?

**Combs:** *(Grunting, climbing out of the tractor)* Be my guest.

*(Sault circles around to the front of the vehicle and opens it to begin inspection.)*

**Sault:** ...well that's not good.

**Combs:** What?

**Sault:** Fuel line's been cut. And there's more slugs inside.

**Combs:** ...you gotta be shitting me.

[REMAINDER OF INTERVIEW OMITTED FOR BREVITY]

---

**NOTE:** It's clear SCP-8568-B are more capable than we thought. Recommending risk class upgrade. -Sault

**Update 31 May 2024:** Today at 06:17 Pacific Time, SCP-8568-A-16 was posted by mollusczynski.gastropodunity.███.

Agents throughout the Fresno area are on high alert.

<< [SCP-8567](SCP-8567) | SCP-8568 | [SCP-8569](SCP-8569) >>
