=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8809

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** The general public believes that SCP-8809-A originate from superstitious Santería practices and/or drug trafficking operations; the Disinformation Bureau must maintain this narrative and prevent the promulgation of alternatives. Until more extensive surveillance is introduced along the Chattahoochee River, Foundation agents should arrest individuals engaged in SCP-8809 and confiscate pertinent materials as the occasion demands (see **Addendum 8809-1** for a representative incident). After psychological treatment, these individuals may, barring resistance, be paroled. The general public should view such individuals as vagrants, criminals, or otherwise burdensome to society.

Instances of SCP-8809-A themselves are non-anomalous and may be retrieved from the Chattahoochee River or left as carrion for catfish and turtles.

**Description:** The sequence of actions encompassed by SCP-8809 has not been rigorously defined or studied in a controlled setting. However, according to remote observations of SCP-8809 *in fieri* and interviews conducted with practitioners, the following general steps are considered necessary for the execution of SCP-8809:

# Find an area adjacent to a naturally flowing stream of water. As knowledge of SCP-8809 is concentrated in the American state of Georgia, the marshlands along the Chattahoochee River serve as the customary locations for SCP-8809.

# Gather the following items:

 * One sharpened sticking knife

 * One sharpened boning knife

 * One large, sharpened cleaver

 * Twine, kindling, and wood

 * One box of matches

 * At least two containers, most commonly plastic bags.

 * One live domestic goat

 * One corpse, no more than twenty-four hours dead

# With these materials, enter the identified area no later than six hours before sunrise.

# Strike a match and hold it before the eyes of the goat. Let its eyes fixate on the flame as you pick up the sticking knife. Slit the goat's throat in one stroke; sever both carotid arteries.

# Hang the goat by the feet on a branch and let the blood drain from the slit. Begin to dismember the human body, starting with the deceased person's dominant hand, followed by their other hand, left foot, right foot, tongue, and eyes. Put these appendages and organs in one plastic bag.

# Make an incision across the corpse's left abdomen. Sever the blood vessels attached to the heart and grab the organ. Place it with the other materials in the plastic bag.

# Cut the twine knot and lay the goat on the ground. Make an incision in the goat's right abdomen; disembowel and decapitate the goat with the boning knife and cleaver. Set the goat's head aside.

# Place the plastic bag within the goat's abdomen. Lift the goat with its abdomen facing up and place it gently into the river.

# Let the body float away.

# Set up a fire with the remaining twine, kindling, and surrounding wood. Place the goat's head in the middle of the fire. Let it burn for one minute.

# Cleave the head of the corpse off. Place the head in another plastic bag and lay the plastic bag in the water.

# Let it float away. After one minute, the bag will completely submerge; it and the head are henceforth untraceable.

# The rest of the corpse may be disposed of in any fashion, though most choose to burn the body or hide its dismembered parts in plastic bags.

Researchers surmise that performing SCP-8809 is meant to ensure "safe passage" for the deceased person to an ideal place in the afterlife. As of 2022, more than five hundred headless goat carcasses (classified SCP-8809-A) have been discovered along the Chattahoochee River.

**Addendum 8809-1:** Video Log

> **Date:** 07/22/2021

> 

> **Involved Person(s):** Agent Richard Grousman; Ms. Juliana Alabi-Fonseca

> 

> 

> **Location:** Chattahoochee River National Recreation Area, near the Lester and Virginia Maddox Bridge

> 

> ----

> 

> **[BEGIN]**

> 

> [Amidst a black forest blazes the proceedings of SCP-8809. Behind the fire kneels an obscured figure, who rhythmically raises and drops its right arm. Distant wood crackling and water murmuring.]

> 

> [The camera operator, Agent Grousman, clicks his tongue and boards a kayak hidden in the reeds. As he nears the other side of the river, the figure comes into focus: a middle-aged woman (Ms. Alabi-Fonseca), wearing ordinary clothes and disheveled hair. Her arms and knees are bathed in blood. She repeatedly strikes something hidden with a cleaver and croons a blues tune.]

> 

> **Ms. Alabi-Fonseca:** *Jordan River... is so hard to swim in... You got to cross it... for yourself...*

> 

> [She glances toward the camera and stops mid-strike. She breathes faster and squeezes the cleaver.]

> 

> **Agent Grousman:** Ma'am, I work for the Georgia Bureau of Investigation. I need to talk to you for one moment.

> 

> [Agent Grousman unboards the kayak and approaches Ms. Alabi-Fonseca. At this angle, the partially dismembered corpse of a young man is visible underneath her.]

> 

> **Ms. Alabi-Fonseca:** Sir... this boy is my boy. His name is Saul, and he's my only child. He was dead before we got here. He was shot at my doorstep-

> 

> **Agent Grousman:** Let go of the weapon and step away from the body.

> 

> [Ms. Alabi-Fonseca glances worriedly at the fire. A goat head burns within.]

> 

> **Ms. Alabi-Fonseca:** Sir, he's- he was a good child, but he got mixed up. Got involved in gangs. And I don't know if God will forgive... what he did. So this is... this is the only-

> 

> **Agent Grousman:** Stand up with your hands clear now!

> 

> [Agent Grousman approaches. Ms. Alabi-Fonseca remains kneeling. She begins to cry.]

> 

> **Ms. Alabi-Fonseca:** If I...

> 

> [She gazes down and weeps on her son as Agent Grousman manacles her.]

> 

> **Ms. Alabi-Fonseca:** He won't make it.

> 

> [Agent Grousman forcibly stands her up.]

> 

> **Ms. Alabi-Fonseca:** He won't make it no more.

> 

> [Agent Grousman exits the area with Ms. Alabi-Fonseca and shuts off the video. Distant wood crackling and water murmuring.]

> 

> **[END]**

<< [SCP-8808](SCP-8808) | SCP-8809 | [SCP-8810](SCP-8810) >>
