**SCP-8957:** Break A Leg!

**Author:** 

**Favorite Color:** Purple

My very third attempt at writing an SCP. If you enjoyed, leave an upvote. If not, you'd better be careful around handicap spaces. Thank you  for the crit, and  for the theme ^^

The epigraph is Mother Mother's *Body*

*I've grown tired of this body,*

*Cumbersome and heavy body,*

*I've grown tired of this body,*

*Fall apart without me, body*

[If Cain shall be avenged sevenfold...](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/7eventy7evenfold)

### Special Containment Procedures

Every new Walmart building erected in the New York tri-state area New York, New Jersey, and Connecticut  is to have no handicap accessible parking spaces, as to not allow people a chance to consciously park in one. Efforts from the Foundation front "Salem Council of the Public" A new-age group of activists  are underway to remove handicap accessible parking spaces from existing Walmart buildings in these states, under the guise of "inclusivity and acceptance."

Handicap accessibility signs, when able, are to be swapped out with those of curbside pickup signs. These signs are to go to use at Foundation facilities. Paint markings depicting the International Symbol of Access (ISA) are to be washed off from the parking space. Handicap accessibility signs that cannot be swapped for any reason are to be vandalized with stickers exclaiming sarcastic and bombastic threats to the effect of "Park here or die!" as to give potential victims plausible deniability. This method ensures that, in the case that someone who fits the criteria does park in a handicap accessible parking space, they aren't affected by SCP-8957, as they were technically "threatened" and "forced to park there"  If neither option is available, a piece of tarp is to cover all handicap accessibility signs as to conceal the fact that the parking spaces are handicap accessible.

Foundation cover agents embedded as Walmart employees are to be equipped with these threatening stickers at all times, and apply them to all existing handicap accessibility signs that have none. In the case that an individual parking in a handicap accessible parking space fails to notice a sticker and becomes an SCP-8957 victim, agents are to dose them with one (1) spray of Class-A amnestics before contacting first responders.

Medical records of SCP-8957 victims are to be altered with cover stories and said victims are to be administered Class-A amnestics, with the fabrication that they experienced significant head trauma and memory loss as a result of the injury.

Foundation webcrawlers are to be constantly online, searching for and erasing all discussion and dissemination of material regarding SCP-8957 and the injuries it causes. All incoming, able-bodied Foundation hires from the tri-state area, as well as existing employees relocating to facilities within this area, are to be briefed regarding the danger of parking in handicap accessible parking spaces without being handicapped. Should Foundation personnel disregard these briefings and fall victim to SCP-8957, medical attention and disciplinary action will be issued as needed.

### Description

SCP-8957 is a phenomenon affecting Walmart Supercenter parking lots in the New York tri-state area and targeting able-bodied individuals between sixteen (16) and seventy (70) years of age who possess a learner's permit, driver's license, or otherwise equivalent licensing and/or documentation allowing them to operate a motor vehicle independently or under supervision.

Whenever an individual meeting the criteria knowingly and willingly parks in a handicap accessible parking space, both femur bones simultaneously fracture, forming a perfect split halfway down the shafts and inflicting immense pain.

The necessary actions for triggering SCP-8957 when located in a handicap accessible space are as follows:

* The vehicle being shifted to 'P'

* The vehicle staying in the parking space for at least ten (10) seconds

* The operator being fully able-bodied. This includes being able to walk distances greater than two hundred meters (200m) without stopping, not being currently ill with severe respiratory diseases, cardiovascular diseases, neurological issues, etc., and not being disabled via amputation, break/fracture, muscle atrophy, etc.

* The operator being between the ages of sixteen (16) and seventy (70) and possessing any permit or license, temporary or permanent, that legally allows them to drive

* The operator having knowledge of being located in a handicap accessible parking space by way of sign or paint

* The operator parking in the space of their own volition, rather than against their will, e.g. gunpoint or threats outlined in containment procedures, regardless of exaggeration

SCP-8957 will manifest regardless of if the operator is seated or standing, although sixty-three percent (63%) of SCP-8957 manifestations occur on seated individuals due to the ten (10) second trigger window. Injuries sustained by an individual as a result of SCP-8957 are, by all means but causation, ordinary, and are to be treated as such.

SCP-8957 has no affect on parking lots not belonging to Walmart Supercenters within the tri-state area, thus the accessibility signs stolen from Walmart are put to Foundation use. Should SCP-8957 ever begin to affect a parking lot outside of a Walmart, Foundation handicap spaces will see a temporary halt until it is ensured all facilities are unaffected and standard containment procedures will apply to newly affected areas.

### Discovery

SCP-8957 was discovered on 6/7/2017 on a Twitter thread after a carpool of adolescents, ages ranging from fourteen to seventeen (14-17), went to Walmart in Saratoga Springs, New York. According to the thread, the operator of the vehicle ~~ a sixteen (16) year old student driver named Blake Harlow ~~ had delivered his friends to the front of the building and then drove to find a parking spot. Unable to find one, Harlow reluctantly parked in a handicap accessible parking space and met the criteria. After a few seconds, SCP-8957 manifested. Harlow described it as his legs being "fucking shot or something" and he sat in excruciating pain, out of reach of his phone, until his friends arrived and moved him to the emergency room. He made a full recovery after eleven (11) weeks.

Members of MTF Gamma-5 ("Red Herrings") were dispatched to and successfully amnesticized the group of teens, and additional members worked with webcrawlers in order to browse social media and medical records for similar injuries, successfully locating and amnesticizing three (3) more victims and altering their medical records.

As the Twitter account was one (1) week old at the time of SCP-8957's discovery, it was terminated without difficulty and widespread knowledge of SCP-8957 was not disseminated.

<< [SCP-8956](SCP-8956) | SCP-8957 | [SCP-8958](SCP-8958) >>
