=====

=====

More by [radian628](radian628)

.update, .mail, .revision {

border: 1px solid #0008;

margin: 100px 0px;

padding: 0px 20px;

}

.revision {

background-color: #efe;

}

.update {

background-color: #ffc;

}

.mail {

background-color: #f2f2f2;

}

.red.red {

background-color: #fee;

}

blockquote {

background-color: none;

background: none;

border: none;

padding: 0;

margin: 0;

border-left: 1px solid #888;

padding-left: 10px;

}

.date-header {

font-size: 150%;

text-align: center;

text-decoration: underline;

}

**Item #:** SCP-8447

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** As full containment of SCP-8447 would be prohibitively expensive, a cover story has been developed to explain the presence of the object, suggesting that its presence is the result of a local gang throwing SCP-8447-1 off the roof of a nearby building. The full cover story may be found in Supplemental Document 8447-A.

**Description (Last Modified 2025-1-1T09:13:58):** On 2025-1-1T00:15:23 1st of January, 2025, at 12:15 AM and 23 seconds UTC. , a human body impacted the ground at the center of Times Square, New York City at an estimated 59 m/s. Analysis of satellite footage has shown that the object abruptly manifested in the upper atmosphere approximately 15 minutes prior at 00:00:00 UTC via unknown means. 

The Foundation was alerted to the presence of the body (designated SCP-8447-1) within seconds of it hitting the ground and was able to recover it via a fake ambulance. SCP-8447-1 was found to be the corpse of a Sub-Saharan African man, age estimated somewhere between 40 to 50. Further examination is pending.

Due to the risk of further anomalous activity in the area, O5-3 instated an emergency order to close off Times Square until 03:00:00.

**SCP-8447 Log of Updates:**

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

2 Jan 2025

**Update (02:16:33)** 

At 00:13:56, an additional object impacted the ground in the center of Times Square, New York City. Object was found to be the corpse of a Sub-Saharan African woman, age estimated between 30-40, and was subsequently designated SCP-8447-2. Times Square has been closed off indefinitely due to the risk of reoccurring anomalous activity, under the guise of a homicide investigation.

**Update (17:56:12)** 

The SCP Foundation Forensics department submitted a report detailing their findings on the condition of SCP-8447-1. Contrary to expectations, the object was found not to have expired due to blunt force trauma. Rather, the object was found to have expired due to hypovolemic shock insufficient blood flow due to lack of fluid outside the cells (e.g. lack of blood). Object also showed signs of severe infection which is believed to have caused this hypovolemic shock. Further investigation into cause of death is ongoing.

3 Jan 2025

**Update (01:00:04)** 

At 00:09:35, a third corpse impacted the ground in the center of Times Square, New York City. Object was found to be the corpse of a Sub-Saharan African female child, age 8. Object designated SCP-8447-3. 

Despite Foundation-led attempts to hide subsequent SCP-8447 manifestations from the public, photographs of SCP-8447-3 falling to the ground were found online. Images were deleted and amnestics were applied to affected persons.

**Update (14:24:36)** 

Foundation operatives within the Ugandan government have confirmed that a man matching the description of SCP-8447-1 inexplicably disappeared from an Ebola ward on 2024-12-29T05:34:20. All personnel who came into contact with SCP-8447-1 are to be quarantined and screened for Ebola infection. All known potentially affected civiliansfor instance, those adjacent to SCP-8447-1 when it impacted the ground are to be encouraged to do likewise.

4 Jan 2025

**Update (00:15:23)**

An additional corpse impacted the ground in the center of Times Square, New York City. More information may be found in Supplemental Document 8447-B.

**Update (01:25:30)**

A missing person matching the description of SCP-8447-2 has been identified from an Ebola ward in Uganda.

**Update (03:47:28)**

A missing person matching the description of SCP-8447-3 has been identified from an Ebola ward in Uganda.

5 Jan 2025

**Update (00:09:15)**

An additional corpse impacted the ground in the center of Times Square, New York City.

**Update (06:01:00):** The O5 Council received the following email:

> To the Office of the O5 Council,

> 

> To preface, I'd like to acknowledge that I know these are difficult times for you. I don't know how the hell anyone other than your people could manage to hide the fact that there are *dead bodies falling onto Times Square* every day at the stroke of midnight. I'll be the first to acknowledge that it's beyond fucking ridiculous. I wholeheartedly commend your efforts in dealing with this problem.

> 

> All of that said, your current "containment" methods are untenable. I'm opening three new properties adjacent to Times Square. As a grand opening ceremony, I am sponsoring a concert set to take place there on the 10th. If you can't have this resolved by then, those properties aren't going to be profitable, and I won't be able to hire workers. This amounts to *hundreds* of high-paying jobs for hard-working NYC folks down the drain. And all the lost profit has to come from *somewhere*. I would really it rather not come from my donations to your Foundation.

> 

> Thank you,

> M.K. DarkeBusiness magnate and major SCP Foundation private donor and lobbyist. Former heir to Marshall, Carter, and Dark.

**A revision to the document "SCP-8447" was made at 07:26:33**

**Special Containment Procedures:** Three Foundation MC300S-5Maximum Capacity 300kg Stealth -- Version 5 quadcopter drones are to be fitted with a net and raised to between 2-3km above Times Square every day at 23:50:00 UTC. They are to remain until an instance of SCP-8447 manifests. Using the net, they are to catch the instance and deliver it to the nearest Foundation site for processing. To help the drones blend in, there is to be a drone-based light show at midnight each night above Times Square.

Times Square, New York City and the area surrounding it is to be open to the public as frequently as possible.

Foundation operatives are to monitor Ebola wards in Uganda to ascertain the underlying cause of SCP-8447. Staff in such wards are to be interrogated for signs of anomalous activity.

**Description:** SCP-8447 is a phenomenon in which a corpse manifests several kilometers above Times Square, New York City every day at 00:00:00 UTC. Cause of death in all cases has been due to the Ebola virus. All cases thus far appear to have originated from Uganda.

**Update (07:45:57):**

> Dear M.K. Darke,

> 

> Thank you for your suggestion. As of five minutes ago, we have reopened Times Square to the public. We believe that our light show will also increase turnout to your event on the 10th.

> 

> Sincerely,

> O5-3

> Secure. Contain. Protect.

6 Jan 2025

**Update (00:09:02):** 

An instance of SCP-8447 is released, and is successfully captured by drones moving at 46 m/s. Drones successfully return SCP-8447 instance to Site-276.

7 Jan 2025

**Update (00:08:35):** 

An instance of SCP-8447 is released, and is successfully captured by drones moving at 51 m/s. Drones successfully return SCP-8447 instance to Site-276.

8 Jan 2025

**Update (00:05:20):** 

An instance of SCP-8447 is released, and is successfully captured by drones moving at 78 m/s. Drones successfully return SCP-8447 instance to Site-276.

9 Jan 2025

**Update (00:03:34):** 

An instance of SCP-8447 is released, and is successfully captured by drones moving at 124 m/s. Drones successfully return SCP-8447 instance to Site-276.

10 Jan 2025

**Update (00:01:56):** 

An instance of SCP-8447 is released. Instance is traveling at 257 m/s and destroys net upon impact. Onboard camera footage shows all three drones losing control upon impact and becoming tangled with the net.

[00:02:23]: SCP-8447 instance impacts stage in Times Square causing it to immediately collapse. Shrapnel severely injures the band's drummer. Loud noise causes the crowd to immediately begin to disperse. Spray of infected bodily fluids, tissues, and bone fragments from SCP-8447 instance cover concertgoers in an approximately 20 meter radius. Later, seven minor injuries from concertgoers are reported due to aforementioned bone fragments. Estimated damage later totaled to $2.3 million.

[00:02:30]: First drone impacts Times Square, instantly crushing and killing a pedestrian. Second drone impacts and disables a large screen displaying an advertisement. Third drone impacts a window, causing no injuries. Estimated damage later totaled to $6.5 million.

**Update (03:15:40):**

> To the Office of the O5 Council,

> 

> Needless to say, I am rescinding all future donations to the SCP Foundation effective immediately. I strongly suggest that you take more drastic measures to address "8447" as you call it. If you do not, many of my associates will be likely to follow.

> 

> Good luck (you'll need it!), 

> M.K. Darke

**Update: (05:59:32):** Excerpt from meeting between O5-3 and SCP-8447 project lead Dr. Cassandra.

> O5-3: Thank you for joining me today. What was it that you wanted to discuss?

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: This is about 8447, Sir. I believe we need to make drastic changes to our protocol.

> 

> O5-3: How so?

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: We should've closed Times Square instead of acquiescing to Darke's threats. The other donors know how much leverage they have now.

> 

> O5-3: Darke funds the entirety of Site-276 and that only accounts for half of her annual donations. The Foundation needs that money.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: Sir, if we listen to Darke, the federal government will find out, and they'll pull their funding as well.

> 

> O5-3: Money from the federal government is slowly drying up. Everything's getting privatized these days.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: They still have *regulatory* power over --

> 

> O5-3: As far as they know, this is a terrorist attack. If need be, we can erase their memories. I recall I only appointed you a few months ago, so I don't fault you for not being familiar with the options we have at our disposal.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: I'm aware of amnestics, Sir. I just don't think that using amnestics to craft a narrative is sustainable here -- our stock is down 4% already. Most of that's from 8447.

> 

> O5-3: Does a few percent matter?

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: The enormous cost of those amnestics aside, this will only be sustainable if we can contain the anomaly.

> 

> O5-3: If we assumed that we could not contain anomalies, the Foundation would have never existed.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: But at this rate, Sir, we'll be out of amnestics by the end of the year. We *can't* contain this without shutting down Times Square.

> 

> *[O5-3 inhales sharply and rubs his temples.]*

> 

> O5-3: We cannot simply sit here and let a mysterious force continue to drop Ebola-ridden corpses into one of the most famous places on the planet. If we allow this anomaly take Times Square hostage, that tells it that it can do far more damage. What if it starts dropping corpses on the Eiffel Tower? What if it tosses one into a live television broadcast? What if it throws a corpse into a major food manufacturing plant? We bend to anomalies' demands as little as possible for a reason: We give them an inch and they realize they can demand a mile. We solve this by never giving them that opportunity in the first place — all negotiations are on our terms. The only reason why our organization has been able to survive for so long is because we have never forgotten this fundamental principle. We must not forget now.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: But what about the threat to human life? I'd rather we not be responsible for an Ebola outbreak. I'm sending an order to close Times Square for the immediate future.

> 

> O5-3: I will ~~ with great reluctance ~~ authorize this request. Reopen it *as soon as possible*.

**A revision to the document "SCP-8447" was made at 09:36:51**

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation agents stationed in Ebola wards are to implant tracking devices into all persons suspected to be infected with the Ebola virus. Access to persons infected with Ebola is to be strictly monitored.

Until a method of reliably and covertly catching SCP-8447 instances moving at up to 300 m/s can be devised, Times Square is to be closed and SCP-8447 is to be explained via a cover story. In this cover story, SCP-8447 instances are members of a suicide cult who ritually commit suicide by jumping off buildings close to midnight. 

The Ethics Committee is currently deliberating on whether to authorize Operation "Immunize Uganda" if alternative containment procedures fail.

**Description:** SCP-8447 is a phenomenon in which a corpse manifests several kilometers above Times Square, New York City every day at 00:00:00 UTC. Cause of death in all cases has been due to the Ebola virus. All cases thus far appear to have originated from Uganda.

Based on the projected number of corpses with Ebola from the current outbreak, SCP-8447 incidents are projected to occur at least an additional 15700 times.

**A revision to the document "SCP-8447" was made at 13:11:15**

**Experimental Special Containment Procedures:** Five sets of three Foundation-made MC300S-5 quadcopter drones are to hover above the center of Times Square. Each set is to use a net to capture falling SCP-8447 instances. Furthermore, a tarp is to be placed between the buildings adjacent to Times Square in case the drones fail.

11 Jan 2025

**Update (00:01:24):** 

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square moving at 436 m/s. Resulting sonic boom nearly provoked US Military response which had to be averted by O5-3. All sets of Foundation drones were destroyed, and shrapnel from the impact destroyed the tarp above Times Square. Despite these incidents, "suicide cult" cover story has held.

*Seems like trying to block its path won't work.*

*- Dr. Cassandra*

**Update (16:23:30):** 

Three Ebola infections within the US have been traced back to SCP-8447.

**A revision to the document "SCP-8447" was made at 13:11:15**

**Experimental Special Containment Procedures:** An automated turret with advanced noise suppression features is to be placed on top of the One World Trade Center. It is to fire at any airborne object falling in the vicinity of Times Square, with the intent of reducing SCP-8447 instances to fine particles which will be dispersed by the wind.

12 Jan 2025

**Update (00:01:30):** 

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen toward Times Square at 573 m/s. Automated turret destroyed the object 3.6km above ground level. However, residue from the blast was not sufficiently dispersed and began falling in visible pieces on adjacent populated streets. Disruption to normalcy deemed untenable.

*It seems like the more we try to stop it, the faster the corpses fall. I really don't think this is the right way of going about this. I'm officially deferring to "Immunize Uganda".*

*- Dr. Cassandra*

Tracking device was later found within this SCP-8447 instance, corroborating the hypothesis that SCP-8447 instances are subjects infected with the Ebola virus from the current universe. Tracking device reported that subject disappeared 1d23h54m12s prior to manifestation above Times Square. Information on the location of SCP-8447 in the interim is inconclusive.

**Update (09:01:23):**

> To the Office of the O5 Council,

> 

> The Ethics Committee has decided that due to the failure of previous containment procedures, we have authorized you to continue with Operation "Immunize Uganda".

> 

> - SCP Foundation Ethics Committee

> Secure. Contain. Protect

**A revision to the document "SCP-8447" was made at 18:03:34**

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation staff are to continue to use "Suicide Cult" cover story for SCP-8447 manifestations.

Due to a lack of Foundation presence within the country, groups with friendly ties to Foundation fronts within Uganda are to enact Operation "Immunize Uganda". Operation "Immunize Uganda" has one central directive: The Ebola virus is to be eradicated in humans.

**Update (15:33:59):**

A total of twelve Ebola infections within the US have been traced back to SCP-8447. One patient is in critical condition. 

13 Jan 2025

**Update (00:08:52):**

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives. Cover story has held with minor discrepancies. 

Bribes and/or amnestics have been applied to particularly dangerous individuals with large platforms espousing SCP-8447-related conspiracy theoriesi.e. those not conforming to the cover story. Amnestic stockpile estimated at 94% of Start-of-2025 levels.

**Update (06:19:44):** 

Twenty-six Ebola infections within the US have been traced back to SCP-8447. One victim has died due to complications from the disease. At this time, five are in critical condition.

**Update (08:45:29):** 

Ebola victim in critical condition in a US hospital has unexpectedly disappeared despite 24/7 Foundation surveillance.

14 Jan 2025

**Update (00:09:35):** 

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

Subject was noted to be the first American victim of SCP-8447. Subject was a 15-year-old Caucasian girl and was in healthy condition five days ago. Despite Foundation efforts to hide the identity of the victim, she was spotted and identified by civilians within seconds after impact. Full amnesticization deemed too costly.

This SCP-8447 incident has provoked widespread outrage within the US. Cover story is beginning to receive widespread skepticism. Amnestic stockpile estimated at 92% of Start-of-2025 levels.

**Update (01:14:30):**

> To the Office of the O5 Council,

> 

> This latest "SCP-8447" incident is unacceptable. That girl's death is on your hands. While I understand that your organization's precepts run counter to this, I *demand* that you somehow stop the remaining Ebola infections in this country. I don't care how you do it. I don't even care if you use one of the "anomalies" in your custody. Just know that if this continues, I will bring the full force of the DOJ upon you.

> 

> J. Edgar Hoover,

> Director, FBI Unusual Incidents Unit

**Update (08:00:00):** 

According to reports from groups in Uganda, an estimated 1296 potential future SCP-8447 instances have been neutralized within the nation. 

Foundation-sponsored groups within Uganda have requested additional firearms and ammunition, citing a need for self-defense in the hostile climate. The Ethics Committee has granted this request.

**Update (17:05:34):** 

Excerpt from a meeting between Dr. Cassandra, O5-3, O5-1, and O5-13.

> Dr. Cassandra: I propose that we authorize use of other anomalies to aid in containment of SCP-8447.

> 

> O5-3: This is nothing new. We have killed Americans before. Until we exhaust every other option, I am voting against this proposal.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: But have their deaths ever been publicized *this much*? Amnestic stockpiles will dip below the 80s tomorrow at this rate. Conspiracy theorists have been parading that poor girl's corpse around nonstop. And I know that the UIU is hardly relevant these days, but even *they* have enough fingers beyond the veil to know how to shut us down if we try to silence the DOJ.

> 

> O5-3: What are the specifics of your proposal?

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: That we cure and eradicate Ebola using anomalies, Sir.

> 

> O5-1: You're aware that this sets an incredibly dangerous precedent.

> 

> O5-13: Agreed. I wouldn't be opposed to this, but we should make it *abundantly clear* that accepting this proposal *should not* affect any other Foundation doctrine. This is an isolated incident. This is not precedent. I don't want site directors running around thinking they can cut costs by messing with forces beyond their control just because we let a senior researcher do it once.

> 

> O5-3: Not to mention we're *already* eradicating Ebola.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: I'm well aware, and I fully concur. We aren't supposed to use anomalies to contain other anomalies. But for those of you who remain unconvinced, I *really* don't think we have a choice here anymore. The more we wait for our options to exhaust themselves, the more people will die.

> 

> O5-3: The choice to resort to anomalous means demonstrates a lack of creativity. Moreover, preventing mundane deaths is normally *far* out of scope for our organization. Do not forget this.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: What's the fundamental difference between a mundane death and an anomalous death? The outcome is the same. *Somebody dies*.

> 

> O5-3: Preventing mundane deaths is the purview of other organizations. We are not equipped for it. Just as one would not enlist the US Military to perform a Shakespeare play, one should not enlist the SCP Foundation to --

> 

> O5-1: While I understand that both of you have not yet reached a conclusion, we are running low on time. I propose that we vote on the matter of eradicating Ebola and continue this line of discussion later.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: Okay, I'll drop the subject. My apologies.

> 

> O5-1: Commencing vote.

**Update (17:20:37):** 

A vote by the O5 Council to cure and eradicate the 2025 variant of the Ebola virus via anomalous means has passed 7-6.

**Update (21:45:03):** 

An estimated 2415 potential future SCP-8447 instances have been neutralized within Uganda.

15 Jan 2025

**Update (00:08:30):** 

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

**CRITICAL WARNING (04:12:10):**

SCP Foundation amnestic stockpile has fallen below 75%. Several cases of unauthorized access have been logged from SCP-8447 project lead Dr. Cassandra.

> O5-3: Given the previous rate of decline, this is unprecedented. We should have dipped below 75% in early March.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: We've exhausted all of our newer stock -- the amnestics we're using now are old. They've chemically degraded and thus aren't as effective. We've never had to use stock this old which is why we haven't seen this problem before.

> 

> O5-3: Explain the unauthorized access.

> 

> Dr. Cassandra: Even with my Level 5 clearance, I can't requisition it fast enough through approved channels. I had to circumvent them.

> 

> O5-3: Fair enough. I will disable future warnings about the amnestic stockpile coming from you.

16 Jan 2025

**Update (00:07:59):** 

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives. While this instance had clear signs of late-stage Ebola infection, its cause of death is believed to be due to gunfire. Recovered bullets match a model of gun known only to be used by the Foundation and its allies. The significance of this is currently unknown.

**Update (14:10:50):** 

SCP-8447-D is an experimental Foundation-made drug composed of the following anomalous components:

* [REDACTED]

* A much weaker derivative of SCP-500A pill that cures all illnesses. capable of being manufactured via the [REDACTED] process.

* [REDACTED]

* [COGNITOHAZARD EXPUNGED]

SCP-8447-D has been shown in laboratory models to cure Ebola virus infection within 18 hours 93% of the time. It is also believed to inhibit spread of the virus and can thus be taken prior to infection, similar to a vaccine. Side effects include: 

* In 6% of cases, subject grew several non-cancerous tumors. These were later removed via surgery.

* In 2.5% of cases, subject spontaneously burst into flames.

Despite these side effects, the Ethics Committee has approved SCP-8447-D for use on Ebola patients within the US.

**Update (23:10:45):** 

All Ebola patients within the US have been injected with SCP-8447-D. Results of SCP-8447-D injection are pending. 

17 Jan 2025

**Update (00:07:13):**  

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

**Update (10:43:58):** 

Half of all patients treated with SCP-8447-D are symptom-free.

**Update (18:30:17):** 

An estimated 2814 potential future SCP-8447 instances have been neutralized within Uganda. Riots within the country are disrupting efforts by Foundation-sponsored groups to carry out Operation "Immunize Uganda". Given the sudden reduction of new Ebola cases by 18%Prior to this, daily reports of new cases had been growing by 2-3% per day., the reason for this negative reaction is unknown. Leading theories include anti-vaccination propaganda and distrust of Foundation-sponsored groups.

**Update (21:21:42):** 

All surviving SCP-8447-D patients are symptom-free. The Ebola virus is believed to have been eradicated from the United States. Disinformation was disseminated branding the one fire caused by SCP-8447-D as a non-anomalous incident caused by a leaky oxygen canister.

18 Jan 2025

**Update (00:07:45):**  

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

**Update (18:30:17):** 

An estimated 3145 potential future SCP-8447 instances have been neutralized within Uganda. Riots within the country are disrupting efforts by Foundation-sponsored groups to carry out Operation "Immunize Uganda".

A request to use SCP-8447-D in place of Operation "Immunize Uganda" has been denied due to the higher cost of producing SCP-8447-D compared to Operation "Immunize Uganda". 

19 Jan 2025

**Update (00:07:45):**  

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives. In addition, [DATA EXPUNGED].

20 Jan 2025

**Update (00:08:20):**  

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

**CRITICAL WARNING (08:14:58):**

Unusual activity in the SCiPNET database has been logged, possibly indicating a cyberattack. Attacker is believed to possess L5 credentials. IP address of attacker indicates that they are based in Uganda.

**Update (16:15:41):** 

Due to severe disruption of Foundation operations by rioters and cybercriminals in Uganda, the O5 council established a meeting to review the efficacy of Operation "Immunize Uganda":

* Estimated average cost per instance neutralized for Operation "Immunize Uganda" as of 2025-1-19: $1607.51

* Estimated average cost per instance neutralized for administration of SCP-8447-D by qualified Foundation medical personnelDue to the anomalous technology involved in SCP-8447-D, non-Foundation medical personnel may not administer it.: $1574.10

Due to the lower cost of SCP-8447-D, Operation "Immunize Uganda" has been discontinued and replaced with SCP-8447-D.

21 Jan 2025

**Update (00:08:43):**  

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

22 Jan 2025

**Update (00:07:31):**  

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

23 Jan 2025

**Update (00:07:05):**  

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

**CRITICAL WARNING (10:00:00):**

Dr. Cassandra has missed a mandatory meeting with the O5 council and is currently unreachable. This incident has been logged.

*Normally, this would warrant an investigation, but due to the circumstances surrounding 8447, I propose that we let this one slide. To be quite frank, the past few weeks have been extraordinarily stressful for us, so I can hardly blame her for wanting to take a break.*

*- O5-3*

24 Jan 2025

**Update (00:08:19):**  

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

25 Jan 2025

**Update (00:07:55):**  

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

26 Jan 2025

**Update (00:07:27):**  

An SCP-8447 instance has fallen into Times Square and has been retrieved by Foundation operatives.

27 Jan 2025

**Update (01:00:00):** 

No SCP-8447 instances have been observed in the vicinity of Times Square since the last manifestation of SCP-8447 on 2025-1-26.

SCP-8447 is presumed neutralized due to the eradication of the Ebola virus in humans. Efforts by the Foundation are underway to eradicate the Ebola virus in wild animals to eliminate the possibility of future zoonotic vectors.

**Update (15:00:00):**

> *The following is a message from the O5 council to Foundation staff clearance level 2 and above.*

> 

> Hello, Foundation staff. Let me begin with the exciting news:

> * Yes, we are almost certain that the Ebola virus has been eradicated in humans -- and that, in the process, SCP-8447 has been neutralized.

> * Yes, we ~~ the SCP Foundation ~~ were responsible for this, and we accomplished this feat by weaponizing other SCPs.

> 

> I know that there are rumors about this seemingly sudden shift in the Foundation's doctrine, so I want to make one thing abundantly clear: **This is the exception, not the rule.** Under normal circumstances, the SCP Foundation does not and will not utilize anomalies to contain other anomalies -- or utilize anomalies *at all*, for that matter. It might seem tempting to look at seemingly well-understood anomalies and utilize them for our own gain. 

> 

> However, even in *this* instance, the anomaly we utilized was not without side effects. To ensure we understood the ramifications of what we had done, the Ethics Committee showed us these side effects directly. We were made to watch the harrowing footage of one of our test subjects being slowly burnt to a crisp, screaming in pain and terror until the fire literally burned a hole through her lungs. While side effects like these are rare, the fact that they can happen *at all* makes it incredibly irresponsible to utilize anomalies, whether inside the veil or out of it. I understand that you all strive to complete the Foundation's missions through any means possible, and I applaud that. But anomalies are meant to be contained. Not to do the containing.

> 

> - O5-3

> Secure. Contain. Protect.

28 Jan 2025

29 Jan 2025

**CRITICAL WARNING (04:24:51):**

An unauthorized message was disseminated to all SCP Foundation staff.

> Hello everyone,

> 

> Let me tell you a story.

> 

> I decided ~~ on a whim ~~ to go to Uganda a few days ago. It was not a sight-seeing trip. Rather, it was to follow through on what the Ethics Committee had suggested: To see the fruits of our labor firsthand. To see the potential consequences of our actions so that we may not become numb to them in our future endeavors.

> 

> To minimize my risk of standing out and being spotted, I disguised myself among the ranks of the Foundation medical professionals distributing 8447-D to the desperate masses. It was a gut-wrenching scene -- we tried as hard as we could to get 8447-D to as many people as possible, but due to logistical issues, not enough would make it in time. Despite the fact that we had a cure, whenever we ran out, we just had to watch as people would die one after another, their only solace being the morphine we would inject into their veins.

> 

> But *that* wasn't what *truly* got to me.

> 

> It was the 26th and I was leaving my ward at the end of my shift, walking back to my hotel across town. That was when a man noticed me, ran up to me, and vigorously shook my hand. When I asked him who he was, hoping my cover wasn't blown, he burst into tears.

> 

> "Thank you for saving my daughter," he said, sobbing uncontrollably as he pointed at the logo on my uniform. "I am grateful I still have one of my children."

> 

> I was completely taken aback. It's been years since I was in the field, and I didn't really know what to say to a man whose child had narrowly escaped death. But I am ~~ more than anything ~~ a problem-solver, so I simply asked him this: "Could we still save your other child?"

> 

> A chill went down my spine as I realized my immediate mistake. He began sobbing harder and pulled out a handkerchief to blow his nose. "He was shot --" the man said, barely able to speak. There was a palpable anger welling up in his throat. "He was shot once in his bed in the Ebola ward and left to bleed out, just as they did to all the others. They did not even have the decency to let him die a quick death. I am so, *so* grateful you arrived before they could kill my other child."

> 

> I tried to maintain my composure as I consoled the grieving father. Yet, internally, I could feel my stomach twisting itself into a tight knot. I practically felt like I was going to vomit. This man didn't know that it was *us* who killed his son. 

> 

> And yet ~~ by a cruel twist of fate ~~ the father of the man we killed was now *thanking us*.

> 

> This really makes me wonder: How important is the abstract notion of "normalcy" our organization has grown so attached to? Why is it so paramount that we never give anomalies an inch, that we stubbornly hang on to this land of make-believe we've created for the rest of humanity? We went from 8447-D being an idea in our head to it *eradicating the Ebola virus in humans* in about *two weeks*. 

> 

> What if that was the *first* thing we had done when 8447 began dropping bodies on Times Square? *How many lives could we have saved?* Imagine if we could create such drugs to treat *any* disease, all with the manpower of doctors outside the veil and the time to ensure they've been properly tested and ensured to be safe. Imagine if, instead of locking up anomalies and leaving them to collect dust, we had the option of allowing scientists around the globe to study them and learn their underlying principles. Perhaps they'd understand them enough to incorporate them into scientific theories, making them *no longer anomalous* in the process. *Our ideology is a self-fulfilling prophecy*. Without it, we could do *so much more*.

> 

> Let me be blunt: **I'm resigning from the Foundation effective immediately.**

> 

> However, I'm not leaving quietly. I've disseminated all of 8447's documentation to the public. I encourage every Foundation employee, after reading this, to take a long, hard look at it and the sheer disinterest and cruelty of the Foundation ~~ *our* Foundation ~~ dripping from each of its pages. Operation "Immunize Uganda," for instance, wasn't an effort to get Ugandans vaccinated. It was a *deliberate act of mass murder*. Who would have thought that it wouldn't work to give paramilitary groups loads of money and ask them to eradicate a disease? Who would have thought that they'd opt to simply *kill* anyone unfortunate enough to be infected? The O5 council isn't *that* stupid -- they could've contacted the UN or a whole number of different NGOs. It just would've *costed more*.

> 

> I know that the lot of you in the O5 council are going to try to silence me. To that I say "good luck." I've gotten firsthand testimony of your massacre in Uganda, so good luck trying to use plausible deniability to trick everyone into thinking it wasn't completely intentional. I've destroyed half of the Foundation's primary amnestics stockpile, so good luck mindwiping anyone. I've taken great pains to distribute the 8447 archives through as many independent channels as possible, so good luck taking it off the web. I've already contacted hundreds of journalists, politicians, and nonprofits about the existence of the Foundation and the crimes it has committed, so good luck unpersoning each and every one of them. I might be a *lowly* senior researcher, but I know just enough of your tricks to hide from you, so good luck finding *me*.

> 

> All in all, I cannot in good conscience remain in an organization like the SCP Foundation. I cannot remain in an organization that fails to help those in need simply because they live on the wrong side of the world. I cannot remain in an organization that stubbornly sticks to its principles even when humanity *demands* they do the opposite. I cannot remain in an organization that refuses to ask itself the all-important question:

> 

> 

> 

> *What are we doing?*

> 

> 

> 

> - Dr. Cassandra, Former SCP-8447 Project Lead.

<< [SCP-8446](SCP-8446) | SCP-8447 | [SCP-8448](SCP-8448) >>
