[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:classification-effect-source">:scp-wiki:component:classification-effect-source</a> |styles=--] ]]

---

= **Notice from Records and Information Security Administration**

= The Special Containment Procedures, as well as the Containment, Disruption and Risk Class of SCP-8189 are currently under review following the events of Addendum 4.

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-8189 is located 927 light years away from Earth, containment is limited to information controlTiconderoga: Item cannot be contained but does not need to be contained.. Foundation Web-crawlers are to monitor space agencies and amateur astronomy forums for information related to SCP-8189. Any confirmed discoveries are to be suppressed and the relevant participants amnesticised.

**Description:** SCP-8189 is the exoplanet HD-██████-C, a terrestrial body located 927 light years from Earth and 175 million km from its parent yellow dwarf (G-Class) star. SCP-8189's orbit intersects with a nearby asteroid belt approximately twice annually, disrupting asteroids and throwing them out of the HD-██████ system and towards other star systems. While this is not anomalous in itself, primary reason for SCP classification is due to the presence of SCP-8189-A.

SCP-8189-A appears to be an extremely large vortex approximately 1000km in diameter located on the surface of the southern hemisphere of SCP-8189. A 100km wide area surrounding SCP-8189-A has seemingly been eroded, presumably by esoteric energies released by SCP-8189-A. The remainder of SCP-8189 is rocky and barren.

Detailed observation has revealed large chunks of material (SCP-8189-B) erupting from SCP-8189-A on a regular basis. SCP-8189-B appears to remain in orbit around SCP-8189 until a majority of this orbiting SCP-8189-B is disrupted by collision with asteroids during the biannual intersection with the HD-██████ system's asteroid belt. Based on detailed chemical analysis (See Addendum 1 for more information) it has been determined that SCP-8189-B contains Deoxyribonucleic acid (DNA) of wildly varying configurations. This is supported by the large abundance of extraterrestrial life within a wide radius around the HD-██████ system.

**Addendum 1: Discovery:**

On 14 October 2023, a large asteroid was detected in near-earth orbit. Trajectory analysis indicated that the point of origin was extrasolar. A Foundation-operated probe was dispatched to retrieve a sample of said asteroid to more accurately determine its contents. After detailed lab analysis, the substance now classified as SCP-8189-B was discovered within the asteroid. Then classified as AO-████████, the substance was revealed to consist of a protein-rich slurry and over 100,000 cells each with a unique DNA combination in just a single cubic centimetre. Further analysis revealed that said DNA bore similarities with that of *homo neanderthals*, as well as other alien life forms previously identified by the Foundation.

The exact origin of the AO-████████ remained unknown until the discovery of [SCP-8390](SCP-8390), (a highly modified telescope with the ability to view distant exoplanets in perfect details, as well as physically transport users to targeted exoplanets after 30 minutes of continuous viewing) on 6 November 2023. On 18 May 2024, SCP-8390 was utilised to determine the origin of AO-████████ resulting in the discovery of SCP-8189-A.

It is currently theorised that SCP-8189 may be responsible for 'seeding' Earth and other surrounding planets, making it the potential origin point for some varieties of life in this region of the galaxy. As a result, the preservation of SCP-8189-A has been declared of the highest priority by the O5 Council.

**Addendum 2: Neutralisation Risk:**

On 1 August 2024, Foundation monitoring equipment detected a comet approximately 15km in diameter on a collision course with SCP-8189. Further analysis determined the point of impact would likely be near SCP-8189-A. A collision model revealed that the impact would occur on 7 August at 0736 EST and would likely result in SCP-8189-A destabilising due to the damage initiating a catastrophic cascade reaction resulting in the complete annihilation of SCP-8189. In order to prevent this from occurring, the Department of Astronomy drafted a proposal to utilise SCP-8390 to transport a B.A.G.SBelmont Anti Gravity Sink in proximity to SCP-8189-A to alter the corse of the comet away from SCP-8189-A.

This proposal was therefore forwarded to O5 Command for further review. Based on the previous use of SCP-8390 (Incident-8390-A) it was believed that only the containment breach vector would be esoteric biological contamination, as no physical objects can be transported back to Earth by SCP-8390. A record of the subsequent O5 Council vote can be found below.

**Proposal:** Vote to approve Proposal-8189-A.

| YEA | NAY | ABS. |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = O5-1 |  |  |
| = O5-2 |  |  |
|  | = O5-3 |  |
| = O5-4 |  |  |
|  |  | = O5-5 |
| = O5-6 |  |  |
|  | = O5-7 |  |
|  | = O5-8 |  |
| = O5-9 |  |  |
| = O5-10 |  |  |
| = O5-11 |  |  |
| = O5-12 |  |  |
|  |  | = O5-13 |
| = **Proposal Approved (8-3-2)** |
**Addendum 3: Incident-8189-1:**

On 3 August, SCP-8390 was activated by Agent Raymond Duncan. Due to the size of the comet and the relatively low power of a portable B.A.G.S, it was estimated that the sink would need to be active for just over a total of 3 days in order to sufficiently divert the course of the comet. In addition, SCP-8390 would not be able to be deactivated for that duration because it would automatically return the B.A.G.S to Earth. Therefore, Agent Duncan was equipped with a modified EVAExtra Vehicular Activity space suit with anomalously compressed oxygen tanks as well as intravenously injected nutrients and fluids. 

On 6 August, approximately 1 hour before Agent Duncan's planed return, he encountered an extraterrestrial life form (hereafter SCP-8189-C) that according to Agent Duncan, had emerged from SCP-8189-A itself.

SCP-8189-C manifested as a cluster of esoteric energies with an appearance similar to that of a nebula and was actively hostile towards Agent Duncan. Agent Duncan attempted to move away from SCP-8189-C, but was fired upon by a burst of light which directly struck the B.A.G.S and destroyed it. Agent Duncan contacted Site-51 using his communicator and ordered for SCP-8390 to be emergency deactivated. Unbeknownst to the on-site staff however, SCP-8390 had apparently overcharged itself, having never been activated for such a long period of time.

Upon the deactivation of SCP-8390, the Site-51 observation room was violently filled with a rock-like substance (later identified as the surface of SCP-8189) as well as Agent Duncan and SCP-8189-C. SCP-8189-C immediately began attacking observing personnel by passing through the space they occupied inducing nausea and disorientation. SCP-8189-C was also noted as being capable of phasing through euclidean geometry, leaving smears of SCP-8189-B residue on entry and exit surfaces.

After approximately 30 minutes after the deactivation of SCP-8390, SCP-8189-C phased through the ground of Site-51 and disappeared. Attempts to track the entity failed and at time of writing this report, SCP-8189-C is still at large. All SCP-8189-B samples created by SCP-8189-C were collected and sent to [Site-43](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-43) for analysis and disposal. All of the 6 staff attacked by SCP-8189-C received medical treatment and made full recoveries.

Investigation of SCP-8390 revealed that it had somehow transported a 5 meter radius sphere of matter from SCP-8189 back to earth. SCP-8390-A was found to have been charged to over 1.1EeVExa Electron Volts., over 100 times higher than the level of energy upon usual teleportation. As a result, it transported additional matter from the target area instead of just the observer and their carried articles.

On 7 August, the comet impacted the northern hemisphere of SCP-8189. Despite the loss of one hour of B.A.G.S runtime, SCP-8189-A was unaffected by the impact. Further investigations are pending.

**Addendum 4: Incident-8189-2:** 

In the two weeks following Incident-8189-1, Site-51 administration received a verity of reports regarding mental behaviour of the 6 staff members attacked by SCP-8189-C. All 6 individuals were immediately detained to the Site-51 medical section for evaluation. A subsequent medical evaluation on 22 August revealed a large verity of previously undetected symptoms, including but not limited to:

* Excessive drooling

* Jaw muscle pain

* Severe periodontitis causing loss of teeth

* Replacement of lost teeth with significantly larger carnivore-like teeth

* Compulsive consumption of raw meat products

* Memory Loss

* Irrational and immature behaviour

* Loss of linguistic and communicative ability

* Aggression towards unaffected staff members

Following this discovery Senior Researcher Dr. Michael Russell, project lead on SCP-8189 and SCP-8390 interviewed Dr. John Andrews in order to further discuss the behaviour of said staff members.

**Date:** 22/8/24

**Interviewed:** Dr. Matthew Andrews

**Interviewer:** Dr. Michael Russell

**Foreword:** Just prior to this interview, Dr. Andrews had been involved in an altercation with several affected staff. He was assisted by Site-51 security.

---

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Russell:** Are you okay Matt? You seem... on edge.

**Dr. Andrews:** I'm fine. It's them that aren't.

**Dr. Russell:** And what exactly makes you say that?

**Dr. Andrews:** Haven't you noticed how they've been acting the past two weeks? Ever since that *thing* attacked them they've been going absolutely mental.

**Dr. Russell:** We have received several reports regarding that over the past few weeks, a number of which came from you. I thought it would be best to ask for your interpretation of events before continuing.

**Dr. Andrews:** I see. Go on then, what do you want to know?

**Dr. Russell:** When did you first notice the unusual behaviour?

**Dr. Andrews:** Well, it started a few days after the attack. I noticed one of them drooling over their food in the cafeteria. I asked them if they were okay and they just stared at me blankly until I left. After that their breath started to smell like rotting and I saw one of them eating a raw steak. I asked them what the hell they were doing and they snarled at me. I filed a report soon after.

**Dr. Russell:** What about today? What happened?

**Dr. Andrews:** If I told you, you wouldn't believe me.

**Dr. Russell:** Try me.

**Dr. Andrews:** Ok fine. Earlier today one of them walked up to me and started rambling about food. I didn't want to aggravate him so I went to get him some meat from the cafeteria fridge and they snatched it from me and ran away. A few hours later I heard some loud noises and when I went to see what was happening I saw 5 of them...

**Dr. Russell:** Go on...

**Dr. Andrews:** They were trying to attack the fridge.

*<Silence on Recording>*

**Dr. Russell:** What?

**Dr. Andrews:** They were using a bunch of maintenance tools and hitting the fridge over and over again. I yelled at them to tell me what they were doing and they just stopped for a moment, picked up the whole [EXPLETIVE] fridge and dragged it back to their cav- I mean, office.

*<Silence on Recording>*

**Dr. Andrews:** I don't know what they were thinking. The damn thing isn't even locked, but they couldn't seem to understand that.

**<End Log>**

Following the above interview a full medical evaluation, including DNA screening on the affected individuals was performed by Site-51 medical staff. The results showed that the subject's DNA had begun to regress to that consistent with *homo neanderthals*.

From this it has been theorised that by Drs. Andrews and Russell that SCP-8189 is not, in fact, the origin of life on Earth, but rather an invasive force which converts the DNA of compatible lifeforms into that of another species, inciting SK-Class "Dominance Shift" Scenarios. This theory was subsequently more or less proven after exposure of D-Class personnel to samples of SCP-8189-B yielded similar results.

In addition, it is further theorised that the effects of SCP-8189 may have been partly responsible for the fall of the [SCP-1000](SCP-1000) civilisation, via conversion of instances into *homo neanderthals*, which may have then evolved into *homo sapiens sapiens*. The exact truth of this theory is currently unknown, mainly due to the lack of information regarding SCP-1000's history. Reclassification to Keter is currently under consideration.

**Addendum 5: Followup Discoveries:** 

On 4 September, an additional genome was discovered within the samples of SCP-8189-B. Genetic screening showed a ██% similarity to the biological family *Felidae*The family of mammals colloquially referred to as cats.. The implications of this are currently unknown.

---

=====

> **Filename:** Well.png

> **Name:** Well.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/crimsoncatguy-the-well-of-life/Well.png

=====

The above image is a derivative of the following:

=====

> **Name:** NASA Team Looks to Ancient Earth First to Study Hazy Exoplanets

> **Author:** NASA Goddard Photo and Video

> **License:** CC-BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/1590a78f-86db-4181-8dc6-6046bc80a923?q=exoplanet

=====

> **Name:** 2M1207b - First image of an exoplanet

> **Author:** ESO

> **License:** CC-BY 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/60a4c56b-a7dd-4e02-9282-85cab9c623d6?q=exoplanet

=====

> **Name:** HAL 2011 iPhone Background

> **Author:** Patrick Hoesly

> **License:** CC-BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/b19ed6b8-0f2e-45cb-bfaa-71c8fd7f7fe7?q=planet+portal

=====

---

<< [SCP-8188](SCP-8188) | SCP-8189 | [SCP-8190](SCP-8190) >>
