=====

=====

:root {

  ~~logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/secure-facility-dossier-site-58/58logo.png);

  --title: "SITE-58:";

  --subtitle: "BRIDGING THE GAPS BETWEEN US";

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8401 is contained in a standard small animal aquarium at Site-58. It has been microchipped with a small, waterproof GPS tracker. Should SCP-8401 be absent from its tank for a period of longer than 30 minutes, the tracking data is to be consulted and SCP-8401 recovered as soon as possible.

**Description:** SCP-8401 is an *Ambystoma mexicanum* (Axolotl) of average size and weight. It is capable of speech and believed to be sapient, though it has not responded clearly to any lines of questioning or attempt at conversation.

SCP-8401 is also capable of long-range teleportation. When SCP-8401 detects that an individual has been injured, it will teleport to the individual. It is unclear what criteria SCP-8401 follows to determine who to teleport to. An abbreviated log of appearances prior to containment has been transcribed below.

| Date | # of Fatalities | Notes |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 30/08/24 | 27 | Discovered following CI raid on Site-17. Injuries range from bullet wounds to major head trauma. Anomaly demanifested when spotted. |
| 04/09/24 | 54 | Discovered following large scale containment breach at Site-34. Anomaly dove into a deceased agent's open chest and vanished before it could be captured. |
| 18/11/24 | 0 | Discovered at Site-58 after Dr. Rosemary stubbed his toe against his desk. Anomaly escaped out the office door when Dr. Rosemary attempted to grab it, demanifesting. |
**Addendum 8401.1:** Discovery

SCP-8401 was initially discovered atop the corpse of Agent Drew Mayweather, who perished in a small-scale containment breach at Site-19. It was initially handled with extreme care, believed to have been the reasoning behind the agent's death. Containment procedures were relaxed following review of Agent Mayweather's body cam, which has been transcribed below.

**Foreward:** Extraneous footage removed.

**<Begin Log>**

*Agent Mayweather crawls over to a nearby wall and leans himself against it. He pants heavily, holding a hand against his stomach. He pulls his hand away, revealing a large gash in his torso.*

**Mayweather:** Sh-shit... it's really over, huh?

*Mayweather exhales sharply and slumps back.*

**Mayweather:** Guess I should've seen this coming. I just...

*Mayweather looks around. He exhales sharply.*

**Mayweather:** ...Wish I wasn't gonna die alone.

*SCP-8401 manifests midair and lands in his lap with a soft thud. Agent Mayweather jolts.*

**SCP-8401:** Hiya!

**Mayweather:** W-what the hell?!

**SCP-8401:** Golly mister, you don't look so good!

**Mayweather:** What?

**SCP-8401:** Looks like you got a nasty owwie there! Golly gee that must hurt a bunch!

**Mayweather:** Y-yeah. It...

*Mayweather sputters, coughing a small amount of blood that splashes on SCP-8401's face.*

**SCP-8401:** Yay! Confetti!

*Mayweather shudders.*

**SCP-8401:** Tell me, does it hurt an axo-little or an axo-lottle?

*Mayweather falls over, unresponsive.*

**SCP-8401:** Mister?

**<End Log>**

<< [SCP-8400](SCP-8400) | SCP-8401 | [SCP-8402](SCP-8402) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Axolotl.png

> **Author:** LaDameBucolique

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/5/5c/Axolotl-2193331_1280.webp/640px-Axolotl-2193331_1280.webp.png

> **Notes:** Axolotl :)

=====
