#page-title::after {

content: "by Liryn";

font-size: 50%;

color: #888;

}

=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8432

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Two monitoring stations are to be established at both ends of SCP-8432 when conducting experimentation. At either end, an area of three (3) square meters surrounding SCP-8432 is cordoned off and marked with caution tape. Unauthorized use of SCP-8432 is prohibited.

**Description:** SCP-8432 is a slim staircase located on Floor 10 of the derelict Kask Business Plaza, ████ Street, No. █, █████, Narva, Estonia, which leads to Floors 10 and 11 of the complex simultaneously (starting at either floor).

Reputedly, SCP-8432's anomalous effect is not paradimensionalImplying a non-Euclidean geometry. nor ectoentropicImplying duplication of subjects using SCP-8432. in nature. It appears instead that the non-anomalous manner or method by which SCP-8432 has been built merely innately prescribes dual-destination behavior. How exactly this is possible is as-yet undetermined -- reverse-engineering may yield reclassification to Explained.

Schematics for the complex do not describe SCP-8432, and the building contains no equivalent flights of stairs. SCP-8432 is accessed on Floor 10 via a small, apparently unused room behind a narrow aperture in a janitorial closet. Floor 11 has been entirely gutted, obfuscating the original destination of the staircase, though plans indicate it may have emerged between two office cubicles.

There existed no report or indication concerning the existence of SCP-8432 prior to its discovery by the Foundation on March 31st, 2005.

---

**Experiment Log:** The following experiment was conducted on April 29th, 2005. Results appear to defy our assessment of the anomaly. Further experimentation required.

*[D-20114 is brought onto Floor 10 and oriented to the bottom of SCP-8432, where Foundation researchers have established a makeshift monitoring station. Subject is instructed by the team to slowly climb the stairs.]*

**D-20114:** What's this about?

*[D-20114 reaches the summit and the base of SCP-8432, emerging on Floors 10 and 11. Another small team is stationed on Floor 11; by radio, this team confirms D-20114's presence.]*

**D-20114:** That's not right. That's not right at all.

*[D-20114 stands still. Subject is instructed to report.]*

**D-20114:** Oh... What the *fuck?*

*[Silence.]*

**D-20114:** It's... I'm... Oh, it's like, both at once. Up there and down there. Down here. Here? This isn't good.

*[D-20114 is instructed to walk around the rooms. Subject hesitantly paces back and forth on both floors for roughly thirty seconds. By radio, both teams confirm the subject's movement.]*

**D-20114:** This is maybe the most fucked thing you've ever thrown me.

*[D-20114 is instructed to approach and interact with the research teams. Subject simultaneously shakes hands with researchers ████ and ██████.]*

**D-20114:** Not a fan, too much stimulation.

*[An additional minute passes. D-20114 appears relaxed, pacing slowly on both floors.]*

**D-20114:** You know, I think I'm getting the hang of this. Just a little.

**D-20114:** It makes a kind of sense, just one you don't really ever consider.

**D-20114:** Always dreamed of being in two places at once.

*[D-20114 is instructed to return to SCP-8432 and descend and ascend the stairs.]*

**D-20114:** Oh, sure.

*[On Floor 10, D-20114 is observed descending from Floor 11. On Floor 11, D-20114 is observed standing still.]*

*[On Floor 11, D-20114 is observed furiously sprinting away from the research team and fleeing down a regular flight of stairs.]*

*[On Floor 10, D-20114 is restrained and brought out of the Business Plaza. Behind D-20114, D-20114 is observed sprinting into the surrounding wilderness.]*

*[The subject is questioned.]*

**D-20114:** Sorry, I just couldn't resist.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8431](SCP-8431) | SCP-8432 | [SCP-8433](SCP-8433) >>

=====

=====

@@ @@
