**Item #:** SCP-8933

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Documentation of the interior of SCP-8933 invariably results in this file's gradual corruption. There is no way to halt or reverse this process. As such, SCP-8933 must be entered and documented every *Sunday* by a single live human. Site command recommends the use of a lottery system to reduce noncompliance. This document must then be edited to ensure its veracity.

Routine testing has revealed a favorable decline in disturbances throughout the Site correlated with increased traffic into SCP-8933. As such, the SCP-8933 investigatory budget has been increased for the foreseeable future.

Site personnel are to be reminded that reports of an individual living within SCP-8933 remain *unsubstantiated.*

**Description:** SCP-8933 is a topographical impossibility affecting Subbasement Level ▇▇ at Site-19.

SCP-8933 can be entered through a wooden door. Scratched under the door’s handle are the words *"THE SECRET."* Inside is a space with inconsistent attributes (variable, depending on the day of the week). 

Typically, SCP-8933 will appear as a standard Site-19 storage room, albeit in considerable disarray.

If observed on *Sunday*, SCP-8933's interior will appear markedly different.

SCP-8933 can be entered without resistance by humans, animals, and remotely operated vehicles. Subjects can take notes (digital and physical), photographs, audio recordings, and various electronic readings of the space inside. Subjects can exit SCP-8933 *without* resistance.

SCP-8933 was initially believed to be an urban legend amongst Site-19 staff. Minor disruptions—disorientation, fatigue, sudden loss/gain of appetite—were caused by the "Hebdomad Witch" living beneath the Site. Variations on this name include *"The Seven-Day Witch"* and "The Witch of the Week."

It is considered taboo to discuss the existence of the Witch in groups larger than *three.*

Prior to its current containment procedures, staff, when alone, would claim to hear a woman’s voice utter a word or short phrase, or sometimes simply the *name* of a member of staff. These incidents would usually go unreported.

The matter was formally investigated after the voice became *impossible to bear any longer.* Despite warnings from staff, a Task Force was deployed to the building’s subbasement level, quickly leading to SCP-8933's discovery. Floor plans did not depict a room *down there.* 

The first attempt to document the interior of SCP-8933 failed. The second and third attempts were unable to establish a consistent layout of the space beyond the door. The fourth attempt was aborted due to sabotaged equipment. Several Site-19 staff were apprehended, but no charges were filed. The fifth attempt identified a *pattern* in the anomaly. The sixth and final attempt was deemed a success and led to the creation of its current containment procedures. The seventh attempt resulted in *consequences.* 

**Addendum:** Inspection Log

INSPECTION

TIME ELAPSED

DESCRIPTION

#112

11 minutes

Subject claims to have entered into a dark room full of unused Site equipment and furniture. The room was otherwise empty, and after a few seconds, the subject promptly left. 

She cannot account for the time discrepancy in her investigation.

#113

3 minutes

Subject corroborated the description provided in investigation #112. Subject noticed a rancid smell and observed the presence of dozens of animal carcasses: rodents, insects, birds. Several unidentifiable. Subject reported finding evidence of habitation in the area.

Subject reported seeing a door opposite the entrance, leading to another room, but did *not* investigate further.

#114

23 minutes

Subject reported hearing voices call for help. Voices were consistent with the *seventh* expedition into SCP-8933. Subject claimed to walk a distance into SCP-8933 before becoming disoriented. Subject decided to find the source of the voices. 

Subject described walking for roughly an hour before reaching the voices, which he traced to an *unfamiliar* door. Opening the door returned him to the entrance of SCP-8933. Subject reported the voices of the research crew to *match* those heard inside SCP-8933.

#115

2 days

Subject did not exit SCP-8933 after one hour had elapsed. 

Observing staff opened the door and called out her name. Staff described finding a brightly lit hallway beyond the threshold with a number of branching rooms, similar in style to Site-19’s architecture. Each room had a label indicating it as a subdesignation of SCP-8933. The door labeled "SCP-8933-7" was noted to be ajar. None attempted to enter. Inspection was aborted after two days without contact from the subject.

#116

46 minutes

After 30 minutes, door opened slightly. Researcher S▇▇▇ L▇ reported hearing a woman’s voice behind the door whisper, *"I need to tell you something."* L▇ investigated but found nothing of note beyond the threshold. Door was firmly shut. 

Subject exited SCP-8933 without incident.

Subject reported encountering the remains of the fifth expedition. She attempted to investigate, but backed off after noticing the orientation of their *limbs.* Reported hearing a voice behind her whisper, *"You’re gonna be sorry. You’re gonna be sorry."*

#117

N/A

Inspection #117 was unsanctioned. After-hours CCTV footage recorded an individual exiting SCP-8933 in a state of severe disorientation. She was intercepted by security and treated for dehydration. Identity was confirmed to be the subject of inspection #115. 

Subject reported encountering a woman while investigating SCP-8933 who asked for *an answer.* Subject was hospitalized for abdominal pains. The next morning, medical staff reported the subject as missing. A site-wide search was inconclusive.

#118

Ongoing

*Subject* enters SCP-8933. Subject *returns*, and claims to have *found a body.* The entire research team enters *SCP-8933.* 

Body is confirmed *to be* the subject from inspection #115. Subject claims to have found the answer. *Door is shut behind them.* 

<< [SCP-8932](SCP-8932) | SCP-8933 | [SCP-8934](SCP-8934) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Low light room during repair.jpg

> **Author:** AlexTref871

> **License:** CC Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International 

> **Source Link:** [ Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Low_light_room_during_repair.jpg )

=====
