=====

=====

**SCP-8407:** Lonely White Fog

**Author:**  | [Author Page](cubeseer-author-page)

**Posted:** 2025/07/08

**Misc:** [CLASSIC CON 2025](classic-con) entry.

**Item #:** SCP-8407

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Containment of SCP-8407 primarily focuses on mitigating active cases of disappearances. When an individual is identified as an instance of SCP-8407-1, said individual is to undergo identity reassignment procedures and relocation. If instances of SCP-8407-1 are still able to recall aspects of their previous life, or if new disappearances associated with them occur, the individual must be terminated immediately. Disinformation action is to be carried out for individuals subject to identity reassignment or termination under these containment procedures.

**Description:** SCP-8407 is an anomalous phenomenon affecting 0.1-0.3% of annual global unexplained disappearances. Over 40,000 individuals have been identified throughout history as likely victims of SCP-8407, and none have been successfully located, either alive or deceased. Missing persons in cases affected by SCP-8407 all have mutual familial, fraternal, or romantic bonds with a specific individual, henceforth referred to as SCP-8407-1. To date, 1307 individuals have been conclusively identified as instances of SCP-8407-1, with a further 5825 individuals being suspected of such.

SCP-8407 progresses in several distinct phases, each lasting between one to three years. SCP-8407 affected disappearances are rarely noticed or reported on outside of their local community. Ongoing SCP-8407 cases can only be stopped by the death of SCP-8407-1, either in identity or in physical body.

**Addendum 8407.1:** SCP-8407 Phases

The following are descriptions of each phase of SCP-8407.

> **Phase One**

> 

> Disappearances occur among the extended family and social group of SCP-8407-1, with a maximum of five cases. Most missing persons in this phase appear to be psychologically stable, often leaving no indications of distress prior to their vanishment. On the day of the disappearance, affected victims will travel alone to bodies of water, such as rivers, lakes, or oceans. In some cases, personal belongings or artifacts are left behind near the body of water. Forensic evidence ends at the edge of the body of water; as no witnesses have ever seen the missing persons enter the body of water, it is unknown what happens to them afterwards.

> **Phase Two**

> 

> Disappearances occur among the immediate family, close friends, and past romantic partners of SCP-8407-1, with a maximum of three cases. Missing persons will often experience minor psychological distress in the days leading up to their disappearance, for no apparent cause. Phase two victims vanish after entering a secluded and enclosed space, such as a cave, basement, bathroom, or warehouse. Personal belongings are left behind in most cases, potentially including all clothing. Minor forensic evidence dated to after the disappearance, such as footprints, hair, and blood residue, have been found in a small minority of cases, but never in sufficient quantity to trace the path individuals took after their vanishing.

> **Phase Three**

> 

> A single disappearance occurs, being either the romantic partner or the parent of SCP-8407-1. In the days leading up to the disappearance, the relationship between SCP-8407-1 and the missing person becomes increasingly turbulent. The day before the disappearance, SCP-8407-1 will fail to recognize the missing person, leading to emotional distress for both parties. Affected individuals tend to exhibit self-harm behaviors before their disappearance, even if they have no history of such behavior. The day they vanish, affected individuals will start traveling without a fixed destination; they often board vehicles, including cars, trains, planes, wagons, carriages, boats, and ships. En route, affected individuals will disappear when out of sight. In half of all cases, they leave behind signs of violent assault, including blood, minor body parts such as teeth or fingers, and ripped clothing. However, no trace of any other party has ever been identified, no noises from the presumed struggle have ever been heard, and no signs of the individual leaving the site of disappearance have ever been found.

> **Phase Four**

> 

> This phase rarely occurs, as by the end of phase three most SCP-8407-1 instances will have committed suicide. In the event that SCP-8407-1 is alive and has children, the youngest child of SCP-8407-1 will disappear next to a body of water in a manner similar to phase one. In every known case of phase four, no remains or belongings are left behind except for the hippocampus of the brain, which appears to be surgically removed.

<< [SCP-8406](SCP-8406) | SCP-8407 | [SCP-8408](SCP-8408) >>

> **Filename:** Shoe_on_a_beach_(383100753).jpg

> **Author:** Ryan Mcdonald

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Shoe_on_a_beach_(383100753).jpg)
