=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8964

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** 

**[Revision No.24]**

All Personnel staffed at Site-349 are to be extensively briefed on this document, and are to undergo a specialized animal safety training module. The continued containment of SCP-8964 is to be valued above the safety and wellbeing of site personnel. No additional documentation regarding SCP-8964 is to be made. Police investigations regarding missing people and pets in the area of Norfolk, UK on Christmas day between 2007-2023 have been discontinued.

SCP-8964 is to be housed in Site-349, and is allowed to explore the site freely. Staff are required to give SCP-8964 attention and affection. This is to take priority over all other duties. Should SCP-8964 become agitated or aggressive, staff are to remain in the area and provide positive verbal reinforcement. At all times, personnel are prohibited from suggesting that SCP-8964 is anything but a normal, non-anomalous dog through verbal communication or body language. This is to be upheld whether SCP-8964 is present or otherwise.

Three D-Class personnel are to be assigned to feeding duty. Upon incident, no retrieval efforts are to be made.

**UPDATE [25/12/2025]:** Christmas celebrations are not to be held in Site-349. Staff within Site-349 are not to include Christmas day within conversation or documentation. It is imperative that SCP-8964 does not discover when Christmas day is for the purposes of prolonged containment.

**Description:** It is only possible to describe SCP-8964 with features and behaviors that are characteristic of a non-anomalous dog. This includes verbal, nonverbal, written and visual descriptions. 

 SCP-8964 has physical traits in line with dogs such as several teeth, multiple legs and multiple eyes. SCP-8964 exhibits several traits typical of dogs, such as swiftness, intelligence, problem-solving skills, and strong sense of smell. 

SCP-8964 also exhibits behaviors characteristic of dogs such as tracking, vocalization, high energy, and being easily disturbed while asleep. SCP-8964's diet consists of meat with a preference for wet food. SCP-8964 is curious and will typically investigate and follow people for extended periods of time. SCP-8964 will demand the attention of site personnel, typically by blocking doors and hallways until it is given adequate affection.

SCP-8964 is socially intelligent and empathetic, able to recognize vast ranges of human emotions such as happiness, sadness, revulsion, and fear.

<< [SCP-8963](SCP-8963) | SCP-8964 | [SCP-8965](SCP-8965) >>
