=====

=====

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains the following:

- Implied child abuse (systemic and domestic)

- Mentioned suicide/death of parent

---

= **SCP-8563:** Problem Child

= *by *

@@ @@

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

The following file was created by an unknown source, without approval from appropriate Foundation personnel. Its content may be cognitohazardous or has been anomalously altered.

-- Maria Jones, Director, RAISA

**Item #:** SCP-8563

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8563 is to be treated like an object. SCP-8563's personal feelings and desires are to be disregarded, because little girls are supposed to behave and not act out.

**Description:** SCP-8563 is a young human girl. There are things wrong with it, so it has to be tested for issues. It is incapable of sitting in its cell and being quiet, so don't be afraid of hurting it when escorting it to and from its cell. Sometimes, all it does is sit in its cell and be quiet, which is not what we want either. Nobody wants SCP-8563 for too long.

Sometimes, when SCP-8563 reads books, it imagines itself like the characters in those books. The books change so that SCP-8563 is the characters. SCP-8563 has been Rapunzel, SCP-8563 has been Matilda, SCP-8563 has been Greg Heffley. Only in the books though. When it is done, it makes the books go back to normal. This is because the last time somebody discovered SCP-8563 changed the story, they got really mad.

SCP-8563 is a problem child, and probably will stay one for a long time.

**Addendum 8563.1:** History

On 2016/5/12, SCP-8563 was discovered after reporting its mother's suicide to local law enforcement. SCP-8563 was taken in by the Foundation and transferred to six different facilities over a span of four years. SCP-8563 has not been getting better, but nobody wants to hear that, so it doesn't tell anyone.

Currently, SCP-8563 is under the purview of Dr. Cyril Kien.

**Addendum 8563.2:** SCP-8563 interview

**Interviewer:** SCP-8563

**Interviewee:** Dr. Cyril Kien

---

<BEGIN LOG>

**SCP-8563:** Uhmm... Sir Kien?

*SCP-8563 approaches Kien, who is sitting at the kitchen table with his back facing it.*

**Kien:** Again, you don't have to call me that, Cyril is fine. What is it, sweetie?

*SCP-8563 remains silent. Kien turns around, seeing her distraught, tear-streaked face.*

**Kien:** Ana? Ana, what's the problem?

**SCP-8563:** I-I know what you're doing.

**Kien:** What do you mean by that?

**SCP-8563:** I saw the files. I know that you're studying me, and you're gonna report back to work.

**Kien:** What files- oh. Oh sweetie, no, those weren't about you-

*Kien gets out of his seat and approaches SCP-8563, who steps away unsteadily.*

**SCP-8563:** Don't call me that! You're just like everyone, but- but- you're gonna let them do experiments on me!

**Kien:** Ana, please, I swear, they weren't about you, you weren't supposed to see them. There's nothing anomalous about you.

**SCP-8563:** Then why did you pick me, huh?

**Kien:** Because... you remind me of myself.

**SCP-8563:** You don't even know me! You... leave me alone!

*Kien approaches closer, his hand reaching out.*

**Kien:** Ana-

*SCP-8563 runs into her bedroom and locks the door. Kien spends the next thirty minutes trying to find a non-destructive way to unlock it, only to remember that he has a spare key. Upon opening the door, he finds SCP-8563, fast asleep.*

**Kien:** *(muttered)* Fuck, I'm such an idiot.

<END LOG>

And that's the latest update. Tomorrow, Dr. Kien is going to take it to the lab again, because he's tired of lying about being nice. SCP-8563 can do nothing but wait.

<details>
<summary>> I'm sorry you've been through that. But that's not how things work around here, sweetie.</summary>

**Item #:** SCP-8563

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8563 is under the legal guardianship of PoI-8563 (Dr. Cyril Kien). SCP-8563 is to be treated like she is, a child displaying several trauma responses in an unfamiliar situation, and definitely not an object. PoI-8563 is to monitor SCP-8563 for any STORYTIME-Events and reverse any remaining effects.

**Description:** SCP-8563 is a 12-year-old female Class II narratokinetic humanoid. SCP-8563 is capable of altering written documents such as books, novels, and recently, files, in what is referred to as a STORYTIME-Event. SCP-8563 has been observed using this ability to express thoughts and feelings that she is not capable of expressing verbally. Additionally, SCP-8563 displays symptoms of anxiety, C-PTSD, agoraphobia, and hypochondria.Possibly due to being in the foster care system for four years. SCP-8563 never has, and never will be, taken and tested on by the SCP Foundation.

SCP-8563 will never be treated like that again as long as Dr. Cyril Kien is around. I promise.

---

**Breach Report:**

On 2020/10/4, Site-87's servers detected a breach, in which an SCP file was added, edited, and then subsequently deleted. What remained of the file is thoroughly corrupted, but Foundation cryptanalysts are working to recover the file.

On 2020/10/5, Dr. Cyril Kien, a parapsychologist from Site-87, requested backup digital copies of his paperwork, in line with his period of working from home to monitor his newly adopted daughter's mental health. This request has been granted.

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8562](SCP-8562) | SCP-8563 | [SCP-8564](SCP-8564) >>
