**Item #:** SCP-8768

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** A single flyer containing SCP-8768 is to be kept in a safe-class anomalous object locker at Site ██. Any suspected SCP-8768 activity should be investigated immediately, following an amnestization of any individuals below clearance level 2 with knowledge of SCP-8768. The internet should be regularly monitored via Foundation web crawler "I/O Naples" for any direct mentions of SCP-8768 or instructions on how to contact it. If any mention of SCP-8768 is discovered, then standard internet information suppression procedures are to be followed.

**Description:**

SCP-8768 is a twenty digit cell phone number featured on a paper flyer. The flyer itself is a purple paper which advertises one "Perry P. Peezza's Pizza Pizzeria". The phone number advertised does not exist on any known phone records, nor can be traced back to its location. It is capable of being contacted through unconvential means such as rotary telephones and cell phones with no cellular data.

Upon calling the number, an automated message will play. The caller will hear a male voice that speaks in an Italian accent, accompanied by faint background music. The voice will greet the caller, then ask a multitude of questions regarding their pizza order. The caller is first asked to give a valid address for delivery. If the caller responds without a specifically named existing address, the speaker will repeat their question.

Once a location is given for delivery, the caller is then asked to provide their pizza order. There are no listed menu options in the call nor the flyer. Orders for deepdish, New York style, thin crust; all with various toppings that would normally go on top of pizza such as pepperoni and sausage are all accepted. As well as this, any specific amount of pizzas can be ordered from the phone number with no known limit. 

After the order is complete, the caller is then prompted to give their payment information to finish the transaction. After which, the voice thanks the caller and hangs up. Approximately 1-29 minutes after the call finishes, pizza boxes relative to the amount ordered are then manifested outside the entrance of the specified location. If there is no valid entrance the boxes will then manifest inside or on top of the location. Each pizza box has a variety of designs, but occasionally featuring the name of Perry P. Peezza's Pizza Pizzeria with the word "pizza" plastered over most of the box. 

Within the boxes are pizzas tailored to the exact specifications made by the caller that appear to be hot and freshly made. After the pizzas are received, the caller will have their payment method charged around $14.99 with local sales tax applied depending on the caller's location. These charges appear to come from under the "Perry P. Peezza's Pizza Pizzeria" business but have no traceable origin.

**Discovery:**

SCP-8768 was discovered in ██████, Texas; on April 19th, 20██. The Foundation was notified of its existence after local residents reported heavy traffic congestion on the intersection between ████████ and ██████. Local authorities discovered major road blockage due to an upwards of 6000+ boxes of pizza piled onto the middle of the intersection, with several residents and their cars still beneath it. 

Foundation agents embedded within the city quickly investigated the anomaly after contacting a nearby Foundation facility about the situation. The agents came upon several dozen flyers advertising SCP-8768 scattered throughout the city. Many of these flyers were found attached to various buildings and street-lights. One of the agents linked the flyers to the incident after realizing the name of one of the pizza boxes matched the business advertised on the flyer. They were collected and brought into Foundation custody after the intersection was cleared and having the civilians be amnesticized.

---

**Research Log:**

Below is a table regarding the ongoing testing of SCP-8768. Experiments involve the contact of the anomaly, with researchers placing a variety of pizza orders. Delivery is sent to the research facility the experiment is taking place in unless specified. 

This table compiles notable experiments and does not include all research involving this anomaly.

| Researcher/Location | Order | Result |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Junior Researcher Dell C. / Indiana | Ten orders of cheese pizza. Cheese not specified. | Ten boxes of pizzas manifested outside of the site five minutes after placing the order. The cheese was identified as mozzarella. The researcher was charged $160.39 |
| Researcher Jorell M. / California | Three orders of thin crust "Meat-Lover's" pizza. | Three boxes of pizza manifested at the site entrance ten minutes after the order. The boxes contained pizza topped with Italian sausage, bacon, pepperoni, ham, and beef. The researcher was charged $48.34 |
| Senior Researcher Mell D. / London | Twelve orders of vegetarian pizza. | Twelve boxes manifested within the facility's entrance zone fourteen minutes after the order. The pizzas were topped with bell pepper, tomato slices, cauliflower, spinach, and olives. The cheese was later identified to be dairy free. The researcher was charged £266.46Equivalent to $359.76  |
| Senior Researcher Carel L. / Texas | Eighty orders of sauce-less, cheese-less pizza. | Eighty boxes appeared outside of the facility's main entrance. Each box held nothing but pizza crust inside. The researcher was charged $1274.15. |
| Researcher Morgan I. / Florida | 500,000 orders of all-cheese pizza. Delivered to a small, isolated home; far from high-populated areas. | 500,000 boxes of pizza flooded the surrounding area. The boxes buried the nearby wildlife and landscape. The Researcher was charged $530,000. |
| Junior Researcher Ferguson F. / Poland | One order of Hawaiian pizza | Order refused. Call ended. |
| Researcher ██████ / ██████ | 60 Orders of ██████ ██████ pizza | Call ended upon the researcher stating their order. Researcher apprehended. |
<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 1A</summary>

**An audio log of Lead Researcher Aleks Hayden.Head of the Research Project studying SCP-8768 and Administrative Agent █████████ discussing the continued testing of SCP-8768.**

>  **[BEGIN LOG]** 

> **Administrative Agent █████████:** Dr. Hayden, I understand our primary mission here at the Foundation is the study of anomalies, however, I don't believe the research of this particular anomaly is worthwhile.  I mean, spending hundreds of thousands of dollars on our research budget on... ordering pizza? It's absurd. 

> 

> **Lead Researcher Aleks:** Mr. █████████, we've barely scratched the surface! Everyone on the research team agrees on how valuable this anomaly could be. We don't even know the limit of how much pizza this thing can produce, it's seemingly an infinite source of food-

> 

> **Administrative Agent █████████:** We have plenty of anomalies that can entertain that idea, doctor. But you don't see any Foundation food drives do you? There's a reason we need to keep situations like these under wraps. It's a threat to normalcy. But that's besides the point. We can't continue pouring Foundation dollars into ordering absurd amounts of food. From the last three months alone, we've spent over $600,000 dollars on these experiments. I can't be the only one suspicious that the site which experiments with 8768 the most is the only Foundtion facility that doesn't serve pizza in the cafeteria!

> 

> **Lead Researcher Aleks:** Well... have you tried their stuffed crust pepperoni?

> 

> **Administrative Agent █████████:** No.

> 

> **A moment of silence fills the log. Interrupted by faint sounds of eating.**

> 

> **Administrative Agent █████████:** You said this was stuffed crust?

> 

>**[END LOG]**

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Addendum 2A </summary>

October ██, 20██. A change in pattern was observed during an SCP-8768 test at Site ██. A researcher studying SCP-8768 ordered a single double crust sausage pizza. The resulting box of pizza arrived outside the facility's main entrance at 17:55:32, exactly 32 minutes after the call was placed. The researcher was not charged the standard fee of $14.99. Upon retrieval of the pizza, it was discovered that a sticky note had been attached to the box. The sticky note read the following.

> Sorry for the late delivery. This traffic is killin' me!

Coincidentally, this incident occurred only a few minutes after an anomalous reality bender escaped containment at a nearby site. The anomaly in question is capable of manifesting large quantities of matter at will, in a similar manner to SCP-8768. The incident began at 17:23:32 of the same day, ending at 17:53:21. 

In addition, the pizza was cold.

</details>

<< [SCP-8767](SCP-8767) | SCP-8768 | [SCP-8769](SCP-8769) >>

> **Filename:** hans-pizza-boxes-358029_1920

> **Name:** Pizza boxes, Nest, Pizza service image. Free for use.

> **Author:** Han

> **License:** Pixabay Content License (https://pixabay.com/service/license-summary/)

> **Source Link:** https://pixabay.com/photos/pizza-boxes-nest-pizza-service-358029/
