=====

=====

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/theme:scp-trans-pride">:scp-wiki:theme:scp-trans-pride</a> |trans-pride-logo= ~~] |trans-pride-footer= ~~]]]

**SCP-8022** - Holy Ghost

**Author:** 

****[My Author Page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/demolitionderpy-s-author-page)****

This article contains descriptions of torture, and suicidal ideation.

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The building containing SCP-8022 has been formally condemned and is now owned by Foundation real-estate development front company Smith & Chandler Properties. A standard security perimeter has been established around the site and at least one armed Foundation personnel must patrol said perimeter at all times, with one armed security squad on permanent retainer. Town and Country Sheriff’s Department have also been advised to monitor the perimeter under the guise of preventing anti-social behaviour within the building. 

Investigation into the precise cause of death of PoI-5677 is still ongoing.

**Description:** SCP-8022 is a humanoid spectral entity currently bound to the abandoned site of Holy Ghost Catholic Academy, located in Town and Country, Missouri.

SCP-8022 is slightly translucent and takes the appearance of a headless Caucasian human wearing a white dress, denim jeans and combat boots. SCP-8022 is believed to be the posthumous manifestation of Alison CarlingHereby referred to as PoI-5677., a 23-year-old Town and Country resident whose partial remains were found within the abandoned high-school in October of 2024.

SCP-8022 is semi-corporeal, selectively immaterial, and is able to teleport anywhere within its bound-location, as well as phase through solid objects and entities. SCP-8022 is hostile and can physically attack any subject in its vicinity, possessing the strength and flexibility of an average human being -- often kicking, punching, biting or scratching its target.

At time of writing, it is currently impossible to remove SCP-8022 from its bound-location.

 

**Discovery:** Holy Ghost Catholic Academy operated as an all-boys Catholic public high-school from 1964 to 2020 when it was closed due to lack of funding. On 9/14/2023, PoI-5677, who according to public records attended the school from 2015 to 2019, was captured on CCTV footage entering the abandoned site, wherein they are presumed to have expired via unexplainable means. Shortly after this, rumours of paranormal activity within the building began. 

Foundation agents were alerted to SCP-8022 on 10/31/2024, when a group of five adolescents who had entered the abandoned high-school reported being attacked by a "headless ghost". The group were detained and interviewed, with two subjects receiving treatment for minor injuries. All five were amnesticised and released under the cover story "Vagrant Attack".  

MTF-Kappa-24 ("Ghost-Busters") were later dispatched to explore the site and make contact with SCP-8022. The entity did not respond to verbal communication, nor made any vocalisations beyond screaming. Inside the school's chapel room, agents recovered the severed head of PoI-5677, found inside the altar's tabernacle. No blood belonging to PoI-5677 was found at the site. 

Forensic evidence, field agent investigation, eye-witness testimony, and surveillance footage failed to prove that any other individual or entity was present within Holy Ghost Catholic Academy at the time of PoI-5677's death.

**Addendum 8022.1:** During post-discovery investigation of SCP-8022, a NeocitiesA popular HTML-based web hosting service used to create unique web pages. website created by PoI-5677 was found, containing multiple diary entries. 

The following is the final of these diary entries, posted two days before PoI-5677's disappearance.

<details>
<summary>► ACCESS SCP:/8022/recoveredlog/515.file</summary>

> 9/12/2023

> 

> i dreamt about high school again. i was walking around the halls, looking into all the classrooms. even though it was nighttime, everyone was there. students and teachers - all snickering and whispering, like they were in on a big joke i didn't know about. i started on the second floor and walked all the way down to the basement, looking in every room and getting laughed at every time. 

> 

> i reached mr dalton's workshop in the basement and when i opened the door the room was full of people. friends, family, exes, crushes, teachers, and people i didn't recognise. mom and dad guided me to a woodworking bench in the middle of the room, where mr dalton was waiting. he made me kneel down, and all three of them helped me place my head into one of the vices, my face towards the floor. then they started tightening it. i could feel it. not just in the dream. a horrible, crushing pain all in my head and running down my spine. i felt warm liquid running down the sides of my head, down my neck, and into the back of my shirt.

> 

> they kept tightening it to the point where i couldn't move my head at all anymore, and then owen fielder from gym class pulls out a hacksaw and walks behind me. i feel him sawing into the back of my neck, gripping the top of my back to keep him steady. then, one by one, everyone in the room takes turns sawing a little bit at a time with the saw. i felt every single cut. somehow, i could see them all lined up with their hands out waiting to be given the chance to kill me. they hated me so, so much. it was like they'd been waiting for this their whole lives. like they'd been planning it since the second i was born. i felt the life slowly draining out of me. the saw severed flesh, then nerves, then bone, then flesh again. the nerves hurt the most.

> 

> this went on for what felt like hours until, finally, dad made the final cut. i felt my body fall away from my head, and onto the concrete floor. everyone there started cheering and laughing and celebrating. i could see their shoes dancing around me from my view of the floor. i woke up screaming - drenched in sweat and piss. i had to throw away those pajamas. i'm going crazy. no, i've gone crazy. everyone was right about me. Kelly was right about me. i'm so scared because i know exactly what's going to happen to me. He hates me. i've defied His judgement. He wants me to go back to that place so He can kill me. i'm so, so sorry. Our Father, who art in heaven, hallowed be thy name; thy kingdom come; thy will be done; on earth as it is in heaven. Give us this day our daily bread, and forgive us our trespasses, as we forgive those who trespass against us, and lead us not into temptation; but deliver us from evil. Amen.

**Note:** Further investigation revealed that shortly before their death, PoI-5677 had expressed interest in detransitioning online and to family members, and had requested a court order to allow them to change their gender marker on all Federal documents from female to male, coinciding with their birth sex, as well as legally revert their name to the one given to them at birth. Due to their subsequent disappearance and death, these motions were never completed.

</details>

@@@@

@@@@

<details>
<summary>+ Open Footnotes</summary>

</details>

<< [SCP-8021](SCP-8021) | SCP-8022 | [SCP-8023](SCP-8023) >>

> **Filename:** holyghostacdemy2.jpg

> **Name:** Abandoned school

> **Author:** captain_andrey

> **License:** CC BY-NC 2.0.

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/71396325@N00/8859985831
