[Just Fragments Hub](Just Fragments Hub) >> SCP-8138

**SCP-8138:** ~~Dead~~ Man Walking

**Author:** Doctor Scrappy

There is more to it than there may initially seem.

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8138 is to be contained within a modified humanoid anomaly cell, accommodating for its anomalous properties. Due to this, a bathroom has been excluded from the cell’s layout. The standard dietary regimen for humanoid anomalies is not to be provided to SCP-8138. It is to be allowed access to Site-67’s garden area,As per the Ethics Committee’s accords for humanoid anomalies. supervised by at least one member of Level 2 security staff. Any deviations in SCP-8138’s behavior *(see below)* are to be reported to Site Dir. B. Dellen immediately.

**Description:** SCP-8138 designates a male human of Asian descent, standing at approximately 175 centimeters, identified as Caishen Feng. Born 03/21/193█.  SCP-8138 does not display any need to intake sustenance, hydration, nor does it excrete any waste products; despite this, however, SCP-8138’s bodily functions continue to function within acceptable parameters.

It is either unable or unwilling to move, nor does it respond to any attempts at communication, or outside stimulus.

**Appendix [8138-001] - History**

SCP-8138 came to the attention of the Foundation on 09/13/2011, where reports of an individual displaying its anomalous properties within the Tongji Hospital, Shanghai, China, emerged. It was discovered with several medical devices attached onto its body. Ventilator, IV drip, etc. 

A note was recovered alongside SCP-8138; it has been stored, designated, translated from the original Chinese and has been archived below:

[[collapsible show="+ [Access Document 8138-A]" hide="- [Access Granted]"]]

> *With breath*

> *I’ll miss you*

> *so long ago*

> *forever in memory*

> *I want tell you how much I love*

> *see you soon*

**Appendix [8138-002] - Interview**

The following is an interview conducted by Dr. Adam Krug upon initial recovery of SCP-8138.

[[collapsible show="+ [Access Interview 8138-A]" hide="- [Access Granted]"]]

> **INTERVIEW 8138-A**

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Adam Krug

> 

> **Interviewee:** SCP-8138

> ~~-~~-

> **[BEGIN RECORDING]**

> 

> *(Dr. Krug enters the cell, a cup of coffee in hand, and sits down across SCP-8138.)*

> 

> *(He places the cup of coffee onto the table between him and SCP-8138.)*

> 

> **Dr. Krug:** Greetings, Mr. Feng. I am Dr. Adam Krug of the Strategic Care Partner Foundation. Foundation front company. Excuse the unusual circumstances.

> 

> *(5 seconds of silence. SCP-8138 remains unresponsive.)*

> 

> **Dr. Krug:** Could you please tell me about yourself? About your condition?

> 

> *(10 seconds of silence. SCP-8138 remains unresponsive.)*

> 

> **Dr. Krug:** Mr. Feng, I am unable to provide help if you don’t respond to my questions.

> 

> *(10 seconds of silence. SCP-8138 remains unresponsive.)*

> 

> **Dr. Krug:** *(sighs)* Then I will return at a later time, when you’re in condition of talking, Mr. Feng.

> 

> *(Dr. Krug motions for security personnel to unlock the door.)*

> 

> **Dr. Krug:** *(whispers into hidden microphone)* Subject unresponsive to all inquiries. Abort interview.

> 

> *(Dr. Krug stands up to leave.)*

> 

> *(He reaches for his cup of coffee, but accidentally knocks it over. Contents spill onto SCP-8138.)*

> 

> **Dr. Krug:** Excuse me for the inconvenience, Mr. Feng! I…

> 

> *(SCP-8138 does not respond, nor move in any way.)*

> 

> *(Dr. Krug remains there for 5 seconds, seemingly confused, before being urged out of the cell by security personnel.)*

> 

> **[END RECORDING]**

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **Note:** *SCP-8138 provided new clothes. Dr. Adam Krug reprimanded for careless actions against an anomalous entity. - Site Dir. B. Dellen*

**Appendix [8138-003]**

> ***Note to all SCP-8138 personnel:** Personnel have reported a distinct odor Typically described as ‘foul’ and generally unpleasant.  emanating from SCP-8138, while interacting or within the presence of it. This is considered normal, and any change in this phenomenon must be reported directly to me.*

> 

> *- Site Dir. B. Dellen*

---

@@ @@

**» [HUB](Just Fragments Hub) «**

**[Next](Maybe the End of the World isn’t as Bad as it Sounds.) »**

---

<< [SCP-8137](SCP-8137) | SCP-8138 | [SCP-8139](SCP-8139) >>
