---

## **Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-8903 is to be contained within a standard botanical containment cell at Site-██, which must be outfitted with remote climate controls. Climate controls are to include complete control over temperature, moisture, and a fire prevention system. 

SCP-8903's containment chamber must keep a constant temperature of 15 degrees Celsius, with a ±2 degree deviation allowed. A relative humidity level of 70% must be maintained, with a ±5 percentage points deviation allowed. Note that deviation is measured in overall relative humidity of the containment cell.

SCP-8903 must receive a simulated rainstorm every day at a random time for exactly 8 minutes and 54 seconds. The simulated storm is to produce 127–254 mm of water. No deviations of any kind are permitted.

~~A lighting system is not required for SCP-8903, and can be left in darkness.~~

As of 25/02/202█, a day-night cycle has been implemented into SCP-8903's chamber, with an unknown amount of deviation allowed. Between the hours of 06:00 and 18:00, constant light must be shone onto SCP-8903. Otherwise, no light can be presented to SCP-8903 in any capacity.

Any prolonged deviation of specified conditions outside of testing is to be reported to Dr. Enkei.

## **Description:**

SCP-8903 resembles a bonsai tree of unknown species. No record of discovered bonsai trees match SCP-8903's description. SCP-8903 currently measures at 83 cm in height, and has a diameter of 23cm. The leaves of SCP-8903 are all 2cm in height, 3.5cm in width, and 0.2cm in depth. All other aspects of SCP-8903's physical appearance are unremarkable.

SCP-8903 shows a consistent growth rate, that being 1.2cm/week in height. However, this growth rate is slowed when appropriate conditions are not met. The growth rate has shown no signs of increasing, even when feeding SCP-8903 various fertilizers. This would indicate SCP-8903 being approximately 1.3 years old, although it is unknown if this growth rate has been halted before.

SCP-8903 is planted within a pale blue ceramic bonsai pot, with writing on the underneath reading "You are what you are." However, this writing is only visible when SCP-8903 is not under optimal conditions. Any attempt to remove SCP-8903 from its pot is strictly prohibited.

 SCP-8903's primary affects occur when optimal conditions are not met. When conditions are not met, SCP-8903 will begin to alter its surrounding area gradually. Over time, if conditions are not met, the affected area under SCP-8903's influence will begin to widen at a proportional rate of the deviation. SCP-8903 does not seem to be affected by the changes it incurs, remaining perfectly healthy, besides the rate of growth slowing.

It is currently unknown whether SCP-8903 has a "maximum" area of influence, however the possibility of there being *no* maximum area has halted testing of extreme deviations of optimal conditions. Any testing must be approved by Dr. Enkei.

## **RECORDED ALTERATIONS:**

The record of all observed alterations, the area, and the expanse of the area have been tabulated below. All deviations lasted 6 hours, unless specified otherwise.

Type of Deviation

Effect on Area

Effect on Organisms within Affected Area

Expansion Rate

Temperature falling **below** optimal levels

The overall temperature of the affected area fell dramatically to -89.2 degrees Celsius over the 6 hour period, averaging in a drop of -18.5 degrees per hour. Any heating applied to any room besides SCP-8903's chamber had no affect, however the wearing of heat retaining clothing did serve its purpose normally.

All flora within the affected area died within 1 hour of deviation. Most fauna within the affected area died within 2 hours of deviation, with bigger animals lasting up to 3 hours. No human life was lost, besides D-8456, whom died to frostbite 2 hours from deviation.

Affected area expanded at a rate of 22 meters per hour. 

Temperature raising **above** optimal levels

The overall temperature of the affected area rose to 56.7 degrees Celsius over the 6 hour period, averaging in a rise of 5.8 degrees per hour. Any cooling applied to rooms within the affected area failed, besides that applied to SCP-8903's chamber.

Most flora survived, with 32% of flora present in the affected area dying from hyperthermia. No fauna within the affected area was harmed. No human life was lost.

Affected area expanded at a rate of 57 meters per hour.

Relative Humidity falling **below** optimal levels

**EXPERIMENT TERMINATED AFTER 30 MINUTES**

**All** water in the form of liquid within the affected area began to vanish at an unknown rate. 

All flora within affected area died within 30 minutes. All fauna within affected area died within 30 minutes. 8 Class-D subjects within affected area died within 30 minutes. Upon autopsy, it was revealed that each Class-D had no water present within any parts of their bodies.

**Any further testing of relative humidity deviating negatively has been prohibited.**

It is currently unknown at what rate the affected area spreads.

Relative Humidity rising **above** optimal levels

Relative humidity within the affected area began to rise steadily until humidity reached 100% within the 6 hour period, averaging at a raise of 5.6% per hour. Any water that was produced within the affected area would vanish when transported outside of the affected area.

All flora within the affected area survived, with an average growth boost of 22% recorded. No changes to fauna were recorded. One electrician working on a fuse box died due to electrocution within the 6 hour period. All repairs are prohibited when SCP-8903 is being tested. 

Affected area expanded at a rate of 21 meters per hour.

SCP-8903 Being Under Watered

**EXPERIMENT TERMINATED AFTER THREE HOURS**

All clouds within affected area vanished instantaneously. No other affects on the area were measured.

No affects to any organisms were measured. 

Affected area expanded at a rate of 135 meters per hour.

SCP-8903 Being Over Watered

**EXPERIMENT TERMINATED AFTER 10 MINUTES**

Winds within the affected area were recorded to reach  a speed of 113.2 m/s, with rainfall exceeding 6,433mm of water dropped on a single location. Even when experimentation was terminated, affects lasted approximately 36 days.

**NO TESTING OF OVER WATERING SCP-8903 IS PERMITTED UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES.**

Due to the size of the affected area, it is currently impossible to determine damages to any organisms outside of Site-██. Within Site-██, 25 personnel were not recovered, with 12 being severely injured. Site-██ was promptly locked down after 30 minutes of deviation. 

Affected area expanded at a rate of 183,4 kilometers per hour, reaching a maximum area of 2220.895 within 12 hours. Even when termination of deviation, the affected area grew. It is currently unknown whether SCP-8903 has an even bigger area than that recorded. 

## **ADDENDUM 8903-01:**

On the 23th of February,202█, at 00:00, all light sources within a 500 meter radius from SCP-8903 ceased operation. This includes, but is not limited to: flashlights, phones, light bulbs and bio-luminescence produced by specific fauna. Moonlight and starlight was unaffected. 

Site-██ was initially put under high alert, and a nearby security team located at Area-██ was deployed to the Site. At approximately 00:23, a Security operative's flashlight began to operate normally when inside SCP-8903's containment. 

Upon shining their flashlight towards SCP-8903, all light sources within a 523 meter radius began to operate normally again. It was determined that SCP-8903 had grown a dependency on light level, on top of all of its required conditions.

A lighting system was installed within SCP-8903's chamber, with permanent lighting presented inside of it, however, at 18:00, all light sources within a 500 meter radius began to emit 500% more light than what  was expected. Light sources only returned to normal operation after the lights in SCP-8903's chamber were turned off. 

See revised Special Containment Procedures.

## **ADDENDUM 8903-02:**

On the 16th of March,202█, at 13:32, Dr. Enkei and Dr. Perl attempted to remove SCP-8903 from its pot.

As soon as SCP-8903 was lifted, an earthquake of magnitude 3.2 occurred at Site-██. As more force was put into lifting SCP-8903 was applied, the earthquake rose instantly to a magnitude of 6.7. Both Dr. Enkei and Dr. Perl stopped their attempt to raise SCP-8903 from it's container, as soon as SCP-8903 was placed down normally, the earthquake ceased.

Significant damage to Site-██ was recorded, with damages costing $428 million. No containment breaches occurred.

"It is currently unknown at what magnitude removing SCP-8903 from its pot would cause, and I want to keep it that way." 

-Dr. Enkei.

**ALL ATTEMPTS TO REMOVE SCP-8903 FROM ITS POT IS STRICTLY PROHIBITED**

<< [SCP-8902](SCP-8902) | SCP-8903 | [SCP-8904](SCP-8904) >>
