**Item #:** SCP-8468

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8468 is uncontained. Reports of SCP-8468 are to be scrubbed from civilian databases and media. Current research is focused on determining a predictive pattern for SCP-8468 events.

**Description:** SCP-8468 is a phenomenon in which matter will disappear from an interior space. The degree of removal varies, ranging from chunks of matter removed, to the complete disappearance of an object. There does not seem to be an underlying pattern in interior spaces chosen, type of matter removed, or size of objects.  ~~All SCP-8468 events have occured with no witnesses present.~~

Below are examples of objects recovered from SCP-8468 events:

> **Date:** July 2, 2003

>

> **Description:** Plastic container for children's beach toys. Civilian witnessed the container expanding and contracting. Movement stopped after the civilian removed the lid, revealing the damaged toys.

> **Date:** January 14th, 2005

>

> **Description:** Gym storage room. The SCP-8468 event was focused mostly on a collection of dodge balls kept in an open bin. Despite damaged sections, the balls maintained their shape as though filled with air, only deflating when touched. After the deflation of all balls, one of the attending witnesses claimed to see something small scurrying under the pile. No animal could be found.

> **Date:** August 20th, 2006

>

> **Description:** Dog shelter. Cages showed signs of canine bitemarks, presumably an attempt to escape. Blood and hair were smeared on the walls, caused by the dogs running into them out of panic. However, for smears present before the arrival of witnesses, sections of blood were displaced higher on the wall than the dogs could reach. Injuries and canine remains showed signs of bite marks. However, due to the uneven marks, they could not be reliably matched to an animal. Surviving canines were treated for their injuries, or euthanized where necessary. 3 dogs were missing.

**Addendum:** On June 8, 2007, Site-390 was notified of an in-progress SCP-8468 event occurring in the nearby town of Evanston, IL. Agents Noah Ricken and Quinn Clancy were sent to scout. The following is a debriefing from agent Clancy.

Yes, sir. I-- Agent Quinn Clancy. C-5793. Level 2 clearance. We... Yes, sir, I disobeyed a senior officer. I understand. Of course. We arrived at the location, it was in a Sonic Drive-In. We... we were looking through the window, there were chunks taken out of the seats, out of the tables. Some were missing. Half the soda dispenser was gone. I asked Ricken what we were supposed to do. He, uh... he told me what we're doing, I- I think to just sit and watch.

But I noticed some small... shape. Moving in the floor. Under it. It looked like a lizard. I, uh, read the reports, and I assumed that was the source of the anomaly. I thought we could just grab it as is. So, I went in, and took a cup from the soda counter to trap it under. ...But then it moved towards me and started to get bigger. So I started walking backwards, but it was getting faster and then... Ricken... (*Pause*)

Ricken, pulled me up. Onto a booth seat. The lizard shape, stopped, I guess. But then it went underneath, and suddenly the seat caved inward a bit. I saw him... take out his gun. I thought he was gonna shoot the thing, but then he shot the corner of the restaurant. And the thing moved over to the corner, I don't know why, it got smaller. He- Noa- Ricken, grabbed my arm and pulled me-- we- we were going back to the entrance, but it kept getting further away, even though we were running. I looked behind us and the shape was chasing us, but it wasn't getting closer but the building was getting bigger. And it was... I don't know, everything getting further apart.

The lizard shape, I saw it, bulge outward, like inflating. It was inflating. And then it popped. Like a deflating balloon, wheezing, like an idea of wheezing, just high pitched, didn't stop. And then everything around us starts to, curve. Everything, the floor, everything, it was sinking and stretching. The empty space, it was a shape. Maybe a crocodile or something, I'm not sure. And then there was a creaking... and just a gust of wind. I was in the air. I landed, on my arm.

The building was destroyed. Everything was outside. I was dazed. I didn't... I didn't notice. I s-- I saw... Noah. He was... it was a table leg or something. Or a something from a chair, or a wall, I don't know. No one... there- there was no one to... Yes, sir. I disobeyed a senior officer. I understand.

<< [SCP-8467](SCP-8467) | SCP-8468 | [SCP-8469](SCP-8469) >>
