**Item #:** SCP-8098

**Object Class:** ~~Safe~~ Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All instances of SCP-8098 are to be stored within standard containment lockers in Locker Room 8098 at Site-18. Additional copies of the same SCP-8098 instance are to be stored within the same locker for organization purposes.

Due to the limited amount of SCP-8098-1, experimentation involving already documented SCP-8098-1 instances is strictly prohibited. Experimentation with SCP-8098-1 shall only be to document the effects of any newly discovered "flavor". Use of SCP-8098-1 in Foundation defenses pending.

**Description:** SCP-8098 refers to a collection of ammunition boxes with the space to contain up to 18 .44 Magnum bullets per box. The bullets inside of SCP-8098 (hereby referred to as SCP-8098-1) display anomalous properties when fired from a .44 Remington Magnum. If SCP-8098-1 is fired from any other kind of firearm, SCP-8098-1 will not display its anomalous properties.Multiple tests have been conducted while using SCP-8098-1 in other firearms, including those capable of firing .44 Remington bullets. No instances of SCP-8098-1 have displayed their anomalous properties when fired from these firearms.

SCP-8098 are small, cardboard ammunition boxes. All instances of SCP-8098 possess the space to contain up to 18 SCP-8098-1; however, most recovered SCP-8098 do not contain all 18 potential instances of SCP-8098-1. In addition, most recovered instances of SCP-8098 (before 03/08/2009) appear to be opened, implying use prior to Foundation discovery.

Designs of SCP-8098 are typically compared to that of cereal boxes, with the logo "Morphic Munitions"Currently, no manufacturer behind "Morphic Munitions" has been discovered. Additionally, despite the logo being marked as trademarked on all boxes, no record of the name's trademark exists in any database. written in large bubble letters on the front and back sides. Each box has a "flavor", and is decorated in cartoonish artwork relating to said flavor. In addition, some instances of SCP-8098 will have slogans as part of its design, typically being "Try To Collect Them All!", and "So Many Different Flavors To Collect!"

**Discovery:** SCP-8098 was initially discovered during a raid on an abandoned farmstead in ███████, Kansas, believed to contain multiple anomalous objects. Recovered anomalies included SCP-███, SCP-████, and SCP-8098. Most instances of SCP-8098 were discovered neatly stacked on top of each other, and covered by a cloth in the corner of a caved-in barn. Two .44 Remington Magnums with some instances of SCP-8098-1 inside, as well as a few damaged instances of SCP-8098 were also recovered from underneath multiple nearby piles of debris.

Currently, no other known locations containing SCP-8098 or SCP-8098-1 have been discovered.

The different "flavors" written on SCP-8098 relate to the anomalous properties of the contained SCP-8098-1. When SCP-8098-1 is fired from a .44 Remington Magnum, an object, energy, or concept reflecting its labeled flavor will emerge from the barrel of the fired weapon. Non-liquid matter produced by SCP-8098-1 will typically launch at speeds consistent with a non-anomalous .44 Remington Magnum bullet. Currently recovered "flavors" of SCP-8098 include:

* Strawberry

* Coffee

* Meatball

* Water

* Leaf

* Electricity

* Rubble

* Cat

* Gasoline

* Hay

* Mystery

* Music

* Dust

* Entropy

* Anger

* Black Hole

* Recycling

* Sight

* Car

* Teleportation

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-8098 Experimentation Log</summary>

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Strawberry

**Target:** None.

**Results:** Upon firing, a strawberry emerged out of the barrel of the gun, and splattered against the wall. Tests have shown said strawberry to be non-anomalous.

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Coffee

**Target:** None.

**Results:** While squeezing the trigger, coffee poured out from the gun's barrel. Trigger was able to be held for approximately 25 seconds before coffee ceased pouring.

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Electricity

**Target:** A standard metal spoon.

**Results:** While squeezing the trigger, bolts of electricity shot out from the gun's barrel in seemingly random directions, and caused nearby electronic devices to malfunction. Testing concluded shortly afterward.

*Additional Note: When the instance of SCP-8098-1 was removed from the chamber of the gun used, it was noticeably smaller than how it was prior to being loaded.*

**SCP-8098"Flavor":** Cat

**Target:** None.

**Results:** A gray Felis Catus (American Shorthair) of approximately 3 years of age was launched from the barrel of the gun, and landed on its feet. It did not display any anomalous properties, and was taken to a local animal shelter shortly after analysis. 

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Entropy

**Target:** None.

**Results:** None. Loaded SCP-8098-1 instance disappeared after fire.

**SCP-8098"Flavor":** Anger

**Target:** D-12832.

**Results:** When fired, the sound of a gunshot was produced, but nothing visible emerged from the barrel. After the gun was fired in D-12832's direction, he became irritated, shouting obscenities and refusing to comply with Foundation Staff for a 2 hour period.

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Recycling

**Target:** An empty, plastic water bottle.

**Results:** When fired, the sound of a gunshot was produced, but nothing visible emerged from the barrel. The targeted plastic bottle instantly converted into a small Tupperware container. Additionally, the table that the plastic bottle was placed on turned into a block of solid plastic, as well as a block of solid steel.

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Teleportation

**Target:** None.

**Results:** A small, purple ball of light launched out of the gun's barrel. Once colliding with a wall, Dr. ██████ (who fired the weapon) was instantly transported to the part of the wall that the projectile collided with. Clothes, the weapon used, and everything else that was on them was also transported.

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Black Hole

**Target:** None.

**Results:** [DATA EXPUNGED]

*Additional Notes: All instances of SCP-8098 labeled with the "Black Hole" flavor have been moved to a different site.*

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Mystery

**Target:** None.

**Results:** A Blowpop brand lollipop flew out from the barrel of the gun and shattered into multiple pieces upon collision with the ground.

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Mystery

**Target:** None.

**Results:** A grand piano emerged from the end of the gun's barrel and quickly fell onto the ground with substantial damage.

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Mystery

**Target:** None.

**Results:** A flame, similar to that of a matchstick or lighter, appeared at the end of the barrel of the weapon used. The trigger of the weapon was able to be held for approximately 28 seconds before the flame died.

**SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Mystery

**Target:** None.

**Results:** A copy of SCP-2081 was launched from the barrel of the gun, and collided with the ground. 

*Additional Notes: Shortly after firing the weapon, a copy of SCP-2081 was reported missing from its containment locker. Due to the results of this test, it is strongly believed that SCP-8098-1 may not create new objects, but rather, replaces its fired bullets with objects from other parts of the world.*

</details>

**Addendum-01:** On 03/08/2009, Dr. ██████ accidentally left a key to Locker Room 8098 within a locker containing multiple SCP-8098 instances. This mistake went unnoticed for a period of approximately 12 hours. Once Dr. ██████ went back to retrieve the key, a new SCP-8098 instance was in its place. The new SCP-8098 instance had its flavor marked as "key", was sealed, and had 18 SCP-8098-1 within itself.

Following this incident, multiple new SCP-8098 instances have been recovered within Site 18.

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-8098 Instances Recovered Within Site 18</summary>

**Location:** Site-18 Break Room

**SCP-8098 "Flavor" Recovered:** Coffee Mug

**Additional Notes:** Following the discovery of the new "flavor", Dr. Ena reported that her favorite coffee mug had gone missing.

**Location:** Site-18 Staff Bathroom

**SCP-8098 "Flavor" Recovered:** Sink

**Additional Notes:** A sink within the bathroom was missing after discovery. All piping related to said sink was also missing.

**Location:** D-12932's Temporary Holding Cell

**SCP-8098 "Flavor" Recovered:** Human

**Additional Notes:** D-12932 went missing after discovery of the new SCP-8098 instance, however, the uniform belonging to him was left behind.

**Location:** SCP-2182's Containment Room

**SCP-8098 "Flavor" Recovered:** Mystery

**Additional Notes:** No objects within SCP-2182's Containment Room were reported missing after the discovery of the SCP-8098 instance.

</details>

**Addendum-02:** The following is a transcription of a conversation via email relating to SCP-8098 between researchers Dr. Elisa and Dr. Velez.

Dr. Velez,

I am getting increasingly concerned with the recent developments regarding SCP-8098. With what we have observed, it appears that random objects and people within Site-18 are being turned into new SCP-8098 instances, with no currently discovered means to revert to their previous states. I know that you, and many others are already partly aware of this, but I am surprised by the lack of attention this has been receiving. For all we know, a researcher or an important anomaly within the facility could be next. 

I theorize that the cause of these effects may be due to the high concentration of SCP-8098 within its dedicated locker room in Site-18. The reason I believe this is due to the fact that, after the first new instance of SCP-8098 was discovered in that locker, more and more have been appearing throughout the facility. 

Oh, and also, its object class should probably be changed from Safe to Euclid. 

-Dr. Elisa

Dr. Elisa,

Firstly, yes, I do believe that an update to SCP-8098's object class would be important regarding its newly discovered traits.

Your theory regarding SCP-8098's new trait, while it could be true, obviously cannot be 100% proven, and we cannot take it as fact without definitive proof as to why it occurs. 

I believe it is important to know why this occurs, so I am open to conducting tests regarding SCP-8098, and finding out whether or not the large concentration of it in one area effects this ability. Please share any ideas regarding tests that could be conducted with SCP-8098. I will try my hardest to put them into effect, within reason, obviously.

-Dr. Velez

Dr. Velez,

I propose that a test be conducted, whereas all instances of SCP-8098 are to be separated from each other and contained throughout different parts of Site-18 over a one month period. During this period, we will see if the effects of SCP-8098 slow down.

If its effects slow, then there is a possibility that we may need to store SCP-8098 across multiple facilities, however, that may be thinking a little too far ahead. Either way, more separation would likely be needed.

We can discuss further on what to do in the event that SCP-8098's effects do not slow.

-Dr. Elisa

Shortly after sending this email, SCP-8098's class was changed to Euclid. Additionally, the test proposed by Dr. Elisa was approved. All instances of SCP-8098 were moved into different parts of Site-18, ensuring that all instances were stored a far distance from each other.

Over a one month period, all new instances of SCP-8098 were logged, alongside the location and date of appearance.

<details>
<summary>+ Log Of New SCP-8098 Instances Between 04/02/2009 - 05/02/2009</summary>

**Date:** 04/05/2009

**Location:** Site-18 Mailroom.

**Recovered SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Staples

**Additional Notes:** This was the first time an SCP-8098 instance had its flavor pluralized. Upon firing the contained SCP-8098-1, approximately 100 staples emerged from the end of the weapon used, and penetrated a nearby wall.

**Date:** 04/09/2009

**Location:** Outside of Site-18.

**Recovered SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Tree

**Additional Notes:** This was the first time an SCP-8098 instance appeared outside of Site-18 after its initial recovery.

**Date:** 04/16/2009(?)

**Location:** Dr. ████'s office.

**Recovered SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Fingernail Clipping

**Additional Notes:** Due to Dr. ████'s absence for two days prior to the recovery of this SCP-8098 instance, it is unknown exactly when it may have appeared. 

**Date:** 04/23/2009

**Location:** Site-18 Roof.

**Recovered SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Sunlight

**Additional Notes:** While testing the contained SCP-8098-1, the weapon exploded when its trigger was pulled. Dr. Kel, who fired the weapon, received third degree burns on all parts of his body that were hit by the pieces of the gun. All pieces of the weapon were recorded to be approximately 5,500° C shortly after firing, but did not melt. Any surface that a piece was touching did not melt, either. After multiple days, the pieces eventually cooled off, and were able to be disposed of.

**Date:** 05/01/2009

**Location:** Locker Room 8098.

**Recovered SCP-8098 "Flavor":** Confetti

**Additional Notes:** See Addendum-03.

</details>

Following the results of the test, and no reported decrease in the appearance of SCP-8098 instances, the test was marked as a failure.

**Addendum-03:** On 05/01/2009, at approximately 23:59, a new instance of SCP-8098 appeared within Locker Room 8098. Despite having its flavor marked as "Confetti", there was no confetti present within Locker Room 8098 for it to be turned into.

Additionally, the "Confetti" flavor of SCP-8098 came with a note inside of its box. The following is a transcript of the note.

YAYAY! Congratulations!! 

YOU are the first person to collect THIRTY different flavors of Morphic Munitions™During the time of this note's appearance, only 29 (including the Confetti flavor) unique SCP-8098 had been contained within Site-18.!!

To celebrate this wonderous occasion, here is a UNIQUE, RARE, ONE-OF-A-KIND flavor of Morphic Munitions™ for you to sink your teeth into!! Or... to put into a gun, I guess! Which is okay! We don't care how you use your Morphic Munitions™! The point is, you're the first one to collect thirty unique Morphic Munitions™ flavors, and we wanted to celebrate that!!

It wasn't easy to make this one, I'll tell you that haha!! There was no confetti for miles around here!! But that's okay!! YOU deserve it, you amazing little collector you!! 

Anyhoo, keep your eye out for new waves of Morphic Munitions™ in your area!! :D

The following is a transcript of a conversation between Dr. Elisa and Dr. Velez following the failure of the test and discovery of the note.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Elisa:** Well, I guess we'll just get some things out of the way.

**Dr. Velez:** Mhm.

**Dr. Elisa:** The test was a failure... sort of.

**Dr. Velez:** We still do not know for sure if the appearance of new SCP-8098 is due to the high concentration of them in one area, or not.

**Dr. Elisa:** Yeah. 

**Dr. Velez:** New SCP-8098 still appeared around Site-18 despite spreading each instance far away from each other across the facility.

**Dr. Elisa:** Yeah...

**Dr. Velez:** However, we may have just gotten a new lead in regards to SCP-8098.

**Dr. Elisa:** Yeah. The uh, the note.

**Dr. Velez:** Remind me - what did it say, again?

**Dr. Elisa:** So, basically, it appears to be from some kind of entity, or company, or group behind SCP-8098. Essentially, it talks about how the writer of the note is excited to know that someone is "collecting" a lot of SCP-8098.

**Dr. Velez:** Right, right. And we do not know who or what is behind the creation of these things, right?

**Dr. Elisa:** I mean, presumably whoever wrote the note is, but we do not know who or what wrote it. So, no. Oh, and also, whoever it is that wrote the note can... for lack of a better word, see us, I guess? They know that we've been "collecting" SCP-8098, so presumably they've been watching us in some way.

**Dr. Velez:** Yeah, which also means that they're probably aware of the Foundation's existence.

**Dr. Elisa:** I guess, but I'm not entirely sure that they're actually aware of what it is. They only ever commented on how there was a lot of SCP-8098 in the facility, and even then they referred to it as Morphic Munitions, rather than SCP-8098. There was never any implication that they knew exactly what the facility was. They seem pretty ignorant to it all.

**Dr. Velez:** Is there any way that we can communicate back with this thing?

**Dr. Elisa:** As far as I'm aware, noAttempts have been made to communicate with the entity, such as leaving notes inside of SCP-8098. All attempts have failed.. 

**Dr. Velez:** Shit.

*The two are silent for a short period.*

**Dr. Velez:** Maybe we need to try what you proposed earlier, in that email.

**Dr. Elisa:** What I proposed... oh, moving them to different facilities?

**Dr. Velez:** Yeah. I do not know what to do at this point. There's some kind of... thing behind all of these new SCP-8098, and it doesn't seem like it wants to stop any time soon. Maybe if we start to spread out all of the SCP-8098 across different buildings, it'll think we've stopped "collecting" them, and maybe that we don't want them anymore?

**Dr. Elisa:** That... that could work, maybe. 

**Dr. Velez:** I mean, the only other option I see possibly doing anything would be to attempt to destroy them, though that is obviously a much more extreme option. 

**Dr. Elisa:** If I was making something for someone, and they destroyed it, I'd probably be pretty upset.

**Dr. Velez:** Yeah, but let's not worry about that now. Should we start trying to spread these things out further?

**Dr. Elisa:** I guess so.

[END LOG]

---

On 05/04/2009, a plan was approved to send an evenly-distributed number of SCP-8098 to different facilities in order to see if the amount of newly discovered SCP-8098 would decrease, as well as if any new SCP-8098 would be discovered within other facilities. 

**Addendum-04:** On 05/11/2009, a new instance of SCP-8098 was discovered within Dr. Elisa's office. Its flavor was marked as "Confusion" and contained a note inside.

Hey, hey!! It's me again!

I noticed that it seems like you gave a lot of your Morphic Munitions™ away... haha! Um, was this intentional, by any chance?

Regardless, you are... uh... well, you are both the first ones to collect 30 unique Morphic Munitions™ flavors... so, um... yeah.

I was just under the impression that you guys liked collecting Morphic Munitions™, so I kept making more for you all! Now, I'm sorta... starting to doubt that...

Ohh... actually... you know what? 

I know why you did all of that!! You wanted to start a new, fresh collection of Morphic Munitions™!! Yeah!! Oh, you guys are so very very kind!! I'll be sure to increase the amount of Morphic Munitions™ you all are able to find, for being such nice collectors!! Yeah yeah!! Oh yes, be sure to collect all of these new, awesome, unique Morphic Munitions™ flavors!! Ha ha!!

Following the discovery of this note, instances of SCP-8098 were being discovered in Site-18 at a much higher rate than previously documented. 

**Addendum-04:** On 05/15/2009, an order was given to destroy all newly-discovered instances of SCP-8098 and 8098-1 within Site-18. All instances of SCP-8098 and 8098-1 within Site-18 were gathered and sent to the Decommissioning Department. During this time, no new SCP-8098 instances were discovered within Site-18.

To test how disposal of SCP-8098-1 may work, one instance of SCP-8098-1 (with the flavor of strawberry) was selected to be melted down. Shortly after the SCP-8098-1 instance was placed within a furnace (and started to melt), it exploded. Upon explosion, approximately 10,000 strawberries were launched in different directions from where the SCP-8098-1 instance originally was. Minor injuries were reported and a clean-up crew was called in afterward.

Shortly after this event occurred, a new instance of SCP-8098 materialized on Dr. Velez's desk, containing a note.

ACK!! 

Yes please do not destroy any of the bullets inside of any Morphic Munitions™ containers!!! Bad effects!! Bad bad bad bad bad!!!! You can use them in a gun fine whatever but do not break open any of the bullets!!!! PLEASE!!

NO!!! NOO AAGHH!!!! PLEASE!!

*The rest of the page beyond this point is filled with the word "BAD" repeated over and over.*

The following is a transcript of a conversation between Dr. Elisa and Dr. Velez regarding the incident at the Decommissioning Department and the new note.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Elisa:** You called me in here?

**Dr. Velez:** Yes. There have been more developments regarding the SCP-8098 situation.

**Dr. Elisa:** Oh?

**Dr. Velez:** All SCP-8098 and 8098-1 in Site-18 were sent to the Decommissioning Department in order to see if it would have an effect on the materialization of new SCP-8098.

**Dr. Elisa:** Oh shit, okay.

**Dr. Velez:** They didn't tell us much, but from what I've gathered, when they tried to destroy a bullet from a strawberry box, it caused hundreds and hundreds of strawberries to explode from where the bullet was. Now, they're sending them all back.

*Dr. Elisa is staring at Dr. Velez, with her mouth hanging open.*

**Dr. Elisa:** Oh.

**Dr. Velez:** Yeah. Interestingly, though, ever since they started to pack up all SCP-8098 into a truck to deliver it to the department, there's been no new SCP-8098 sightings...

**Dr. Elisa:** Huh.

**Dr. Velez:** ...besides one. There was this note left in a new SCP-8098 I found on my desk.

*Dr. Velez slides the note to Dr. Elisa. She reads it.*

**Dr. Elisa:** Huh. I don't know what to say, to be honest.

**Dr. Velez:** Well, since SCP-8098 is one of our priorities, they're expecting us to do something about all of this.

**Dr. Elisa:** About what?

**Dr. Velez:** About stopping SCP-8098 from appearing around the facility and converting more shit into itself.

**Dr. Elisa:** Well... you did say that there haven't been any new ones since all of that happened, right?

**Dr. Velez:** Indeed.

**Dr. Elisa:** Well, to me that sort of sounds like we've stopped them from appearing around the facility.

**Dr. Velez:** Temporarily, as far as we're aware. Whatever it is that's behind this could easily decide to turn the whole facility into a box of bullets tomorrow. They're looking for a permanent solution.

**Dr. Elisa:** ...Are they not aware that we've already basically tried everything we could?

**Dr. Velez:** I've tried to explain that to them.

**Dr. Elisa:** Well... how about this: So far, we've done everything we can. Currently, there's no new boxes appearing around the facility. Once new boxes start to appear, we try to come up with something we haven't come up with already. Until then, as far as I'm concerned, we don't need to do anything.

**Dr. Velez:** Elisa...

**Dr. Elisa:** I'm serious! We've done everything! We've tried putting notes into the boxes to talk with the thing, that's failed. We've tried to move all of these things to different facilities, and that's failed. We've finally done something that's stopped them from appearing! So, as long as they don't appear again in the future, we should be fine!

**Dr. Velez:** Elisa.

**Dr. Elisa:** If you try to tell me that there's something more that we can do that we haven't already done, I'm gonna lose my fucking-

**Dr. Velez:** ELISA!

**Dr. Elisa:** WHAT?!

**Dr. Velez:** Behind you.

*Dr. Elisa, confused, turns around and sees a new instance of SCP-8098 sitting on a table. She slowly gets up from her seat, picks it up, opens it, and pulls out a note from inside.*

Okay, okay fine. I get it. I get the hint :(

You guys don't want anymore Morphic Munitions™, is that right?

I'm sorry... I just haven't been able to do this in so long. It felt good to finally see someone take interest in what I was making again... but I suppose I can't just force someone to like what I create... :(

I'm sorry for turning all of those things into Morphic Munitions™. If I could turn them back, I would, but I don't know how.

I hope that you can accept my apology. I didn't want this to get so out of hand, but it seems like it has...

I'll be around, still, but I promise to no longer hurt anyone!! I promise!! If I do hurt anyone else in the future, then I'll... I'll feel very bad about it!! I promise!! >:3

Um. But yeah. I'm sorry about everything that's happened. I hope you all don't hate me, but I understand if you do...

Uh. Anyways. Goodbye.

**Dr. Elisa:** Huh.

**Dr. Velez:** What is it?

**Dr. Elisa:** Uh... see for yourself.

*Dr. Elisa hands Dr. Velez the sheet of paper. As he reads, his expression changes from confusion to surprise.*

**Dr. Velez:** ...huh. Well, uh... Hm.

**Dr. Elisa:** Yeah, I'm uh... also kind of at a loss for words.

**Dr. Velez:** Well, um... this seems like what you were asking for, is it not?

**Dr. Elisa:** Huh?

**Dr. Velez:** You asked for a new solution in order to stop the appearance of new SCP-8098. This... seems to be it right here.

**Dr. Elisa:** Huh... I guess it is.

*The two are silent for a few seconds.*

**Dr. Velez:** Elisa?

**Dr. Elisa:** Yeah?

**Dr. Velez:** I'm sorry.

**Dr. Elisa:** I'm sorry too.

[END LOG]

---

**Addendum-05:** As of 05/15/2009, no new instances of SCP-8098 have been discovered.

<< [SCP-8097](SCP-8097) | SCP-8098| [SCP-8099](SCP-8099) >>
