by [ Mr Panik](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/panik-s-perfection-in-progress)

| Assigned Site | Investigating Agent | Research Head |
| --- | --- | --- |
| = Site-19 | = Reece Talbot | = TBD |
**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8717 is to be housed in a standard-sized anti-Sarkite safety locker in the Site-19 Anomalous Artefacts vault. The safety locker is to be inscribed with level 5 wards. Runes can be derived from any occult discipline. 

SCP-8717 is to remain dismantled and its converter is to remain empty at all times when not being used for testing. As a precaution, both SCP-8717 and its containment locker are to undergo weekly screening for pathogens or other advanced microbial growth. 

Access to SCP-8717 is prohibited by order of the Ethics Committee. All researchers interested in testing SCP-8717 are to submit a full research proposal for review to the Ethics Committee. Review of current proposals for the study of SCP-8717 are on indefinite hold.

**Description:** SCP-8717 is a fountain pen of luxury quality named “Libra”, housed in a mahogany gift box, using a standard piston converter made of reinforced glass to contain the ink. 

---

> ||||||~ **Gift Box Contents**||

> ||= Item ||= Quantity ||= Notes||

> ||= Libra ||= 1 ||= Silver and platinum. Matte underside. Polished upperside with geometric patterns in an unknown substance of ruby color. Since being in containment this color has faded, leaving the geometric patterns behind as empty grooves. ||

> ||= Pen Case ||= 1 ||= Mahogany. Black velvet inlay.||

> ||= 64 Page Notebooks ||= 3 ||= Tan - "Poorly" branded.||

> ||= 102 Page Notebook ||= 1 ||= Custom, black leather bound.This was purchased locally and the store has been confirmed to have no ties to Poorly Fine Wares. ||

> ||= Ink - Standard Black||= 1 ||= A notably dark shade of black close in pigment to vantablack.||

> ||= Ink - Regal Red||= 1 ||= A notably rich shade of red closest in pigment to scarlet.||

> ||= Additional Nibs ||= 7 ||= An assortment of nibs for differing line weights and calligraphy.||

> ||= Converters ||= 2 ||= Piston converters - High-quality borosilicate glass.||

> ||= Poorly Fine Wares Certificate of Authenticity ||= 1 ||= A certificate declaring Libra to be an original and authentic product of Poorly Fine Wares.||

> ||= Poorly Fine Wares Catalogue ||= 1 ||= The catalogue depicts several luxury items including other fountain pens.No further information is currently available regarding Poorly Fine Wares or the nature of any of the products advertised.||

---

SCP-8717's known effects:

# When writing about themselves or general topics, the writer automatically begins to siphon vitality from all those in a localized area, currently suspected to be 2km in radius, causing outbreaks of medical conditions in upwards of 50% of the population. 

# When a specific person is written about, the effect will focus on the subject being written about.

Ongoing use of SCP-8717 results in a 100% mortality rate of all affected individuals.Diseases arising from the use of SCP-8717 are notably resistant to all treatment. Ongoing use results in these diseases being unaffected by treatment barring invasive surgery

Current diseases known to occur while SCP-8717 is in use:

* Cancer

* Benign tumors

* Abscesses and cysts

* MRSA infections

* Gangrene

Thaumaturgic scanning of the anomaly indicates that its original purpose has been tampered with by the use of Sarkic thaumaturgy. The original purpose of the pen is unknown.

---

**Discovery:** The Foundation received a priority alert from the United States Centre for Disease Control to investigate potential anomalous involvement in the outbreaks occurring in Ashwick, Connecticut. Junior Investigator Reece Talbot was dispatched to Ashwick for final confirmation of anomalous involvement ahead of Mobile Task Force dispatch.

---

> **Interview Log: RT-A1**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **1 October 2024**

> **09:00**

> **Interviewed:** Doctor Lydia Jacobson 

> **Interviewer:** Junior Investigator Reece Talbot 

> **Location:** Dr Jacobson's office. Saint Peregrine's Memorial Hospital.

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> **BEGIN LOG**

> 

> **Talbot:** Thank you for your time, Doctor. I know things are rather busy for you right now. You don't mind if I record, do you?

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Yeah, no, it’s no problem. I don’t mind if you need to record, I just honestly wasn't expecting another of you guys. CDC packed up a week ago.

> 

> 

> **Talbot:** Yeah, this is just some final admin. Apparently everything is ongoing?

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Yes, sir, it is. Darnedest thing too. Water’s clean. Supermarkets are clean; foods fine. Nothing weird going on with the air, just sick people. Everywhere.

> 

> **Talbot:** And these diseases aren’t expressly harmful when they manifest?

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Only as harmful as the disease can be, I suppose. The amount of positive cancer screenings we’ve had has the mayor putting out an advisory for people to get checked.

> 

> **Talbot:** Cancer isn’t contagious, though. Why would a rise in positive cancer screenings be linked to an outbreak?

> 

> **Dr. Jacobson:** It’s not, obviously, but if people have cancer, they need to be treated. Chemo causes immuno-suppression and if they get sick from any of the other dozen things floating around right now…

> 

>

> **Talbot:** And they say there’s been an MRSA outbreak in the pediatric ward here, as well?

>

> 

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Uh, yes. Unfortunately yes.

>

> 

> **Talbot:** Can you tell me more about what happened there?

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** This was an anomaly. All our patients are correctly screened upon admission and we have the records to show for it. The infection was brought in by an unknown, probably a visitor.

> 

>

> **Talbot:** And have the amputations as a result of gangrene in the Recovery Ward been linked to that outbreak in any way?

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Not since the last time you guys asked. Have you gone to Hartford Heart Hospital yet? They’re having just as much trouble.

> 

>

> **Talbot:** I’ve been assigned here first. You’ve taken in the most patients and considering how you’ve aided other hospitals, including Hartford Heart, with this state-of-the-art facility you have here it makes sense that I’d start here. You’ll have the greatest access to information.

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Access? How much more access do you need?

> 

>

> **Talbot:** For my purposes not much. I’d actually like to ask what your most recent standout cases were here.

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Standout? You’re kidding, right? I have people losing limbs from gangrene and more and I’m supposed to think of a standout? I need a root cause of outbreaks, not an anomaly.

> 

>

> **Talbot:** The anomalies are important as well. With so much going around that’s general, the specific will standout more.

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** That is some haywire logic you’ve got there. Which department did you say you worked for again?

> 

>

> **Talbot:** Cataloguing. It’s why I’m interested in the standouts. 

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** The day wards are filled with gastroenteritis, the surgical wards have gangrene, dermatology has melanomas coming out of their own ears – seriously one just had to have a tumor removed from behind his ear. Aside from that it’s really just the McKenna’s and their bad luck and that’s just a damn tragedy.

> 

>

> **Talbot:** How so? What’s happened with the McKenna’s?

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Hmmmm. Well you wanted a standout. You know Colin has a pen kinda like yours.

> 

>

> **Talbot:** A LAMY? 

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** A what?

> 

>

> **Talbot:** That’s the brand this is.

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Nah, I mean just the fountain pen. His isn’t plastic. Impressive thing. Not sure why anyone wants to write with a fountain pen in this day and age, though.

> 

>

> **Talbot:** It’s just a more mindful experience, I feel. But please. Tell me more about what happened with them.

> 

> **Dr. Jacobson:** A year ago, Colin was diagnosed with Stage 4 pancreatic cancer. 6 months ago I told him he’d be dead by now. Today I told him he’s in remission.

> 

> **Talbot:** Did he continue therapy after you –

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Yup. He did. Wealthy men don’t want to die. He threw the bank at the problem and that cancer just metastasized everywhere. And his blood tests over the past few weeks have just been getting better and better. He’s in remission.

> 

>

> **Talbot:** That’s supposed to be good news. Where’s the bad luck?

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Because immediately after that I informed Colin’s wife, Margot, that she has an aggressive osteosarcoma on her left tibia that will need treatment immediately.

> 

>

> **Talbot:** Oh shit.

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Indeed. It was a bit of a tense appointment, but we’re getting her scheduled for treatment starting next week. Honestly, Colin’s probably the only lucky person in town right now. He had a death sentence on his head and now he’s looking better than he has in a year. Fortunately Colin’s got the money so at least they don’t have to worry about the back to back health issues.  

> 

>

> **Talbot:** At least. Alright, I’m going to ask that I get access to the hospital’s data bases please. I’d like to take a look at the files over the past few months. Maybe I can find what I’m looking for there, but the McKenna’s might be a good case study.

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Case study?

> 

>

> **Talbot:** Oh. Yeah. That’s what Cataloguing does. We find unique cases for textbooks.

> 

>

> **Dr. Jacobson:** Ah. Alright. Well. Let me get you that access.

> 

> ~~-~~-

>

> **END LOG**

> **Investigator Log: RT-B1**

> **BEGIN LOG**

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **1 October 2024**

> **11:22**

> **Merryden Bed and Breakfast**

> 

> This is Junior Investigator Reece Talbot checking in from the lovely Merryden Bed and Breakfast on the outskirts of Ashwick. Aside from the fact that this is scutwork, it’s actually pretty nice to get out of the office. Did you know “Junior” is code for “Does the paperwork?”

> 

> I guess this is low effort enough for a Junior-anything really. Aside from the fact that people are acting like this is airborne super Ebola, this doesn’t really seem all that weird. At least, everything I’ve heard so far doesn’t make it sound that weird. So yeah. I got here earlier and interviewed a Dr Jacobson at the local, uh, Saint Peregrine’s Memorial Hospital. Peregrine, right? Nice.

> 

> Anyway, Jacobson didn't give me much, but I doubt she has some idea of what all’s going on here. Driving into town it looks like the Covid lockdowns all over again. People are masked up, gloved up. My hands are already chaffing from the sanitisers and I only stopped at a gas station, the hospital and here. Soft hands, dad said. Hmph. 

> 

> Anyway. I’ll admit, I’m kind of excited. This could be the thing that gets me away from pushing paper. It’s probably just more paperwork waiting to happen, but it’s not paperwork right now. So this could be fun. Maybe. I dunno. Anyway. 

> 

> I'm going to spend some time screwing around with my bots to see if I can get them to go through the data. More on that later. For now. Food.

> 

> And it’s not a desk. It’s not paperwork. Who knows? It’ll be fun.

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **1 October 2024**

> **12:31**

> 

> There’s a diner here – it makes a banging cheese burger! My god! Milkshakes’re good too. Anyway. 

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **1 October 2024**

> **18:27**

> 

> I’ve got a bot trawling Saint Peregrine’s system. I figure the CDC was obviously looking at this from the epidemiological perspective, but anomalies aren’t always as complex as that. I figure if I look at some hard basic data between all the people who got sick I might be able to find a pattern that doesn’t include a buffet someone sneezed on. 

> 

> It’s one of *my* bots, though, so this is going to take some time. For now… I dunno. Guess I’ll go find something to do.

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

>

> **2 October 2024**

> **05:45**

> 

> Bot’s done. I’m half asleep still, so I’ll look at the numbers a bit later, but you will never guess who I ran into last night when I went to the gym. Colin McKenna. 

> 

> For a man who just found out his wife has osteosarcoma, he was in pretty damn good spirits. No idea where the wife was at, but I can't say I hate him too much. Sure, he's a rich douche, but he was holding doors for people and all that. He was just being a gentleman.

> 

> I mean, it's obviously been a while since he's been in a gym from how he was, erm, enjoying the view. Other than that, he was just so damn chipper.

> 

> Anyway. Breakfast. Shower. Stare at numbers. Let's go, Talbot!

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **2 October 2024**

> **10:07**

> 

>

> Goddammit why does this have to be so tedious? I'm going for a fucking run.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **2 October 2024**

> **12:34**

> 

> = *The sound of a ball hitting a wall at regularly intervals can be heard.*

> 

> Okay, let me talk this out. Jacobson told me how the water was clean and the supermarkets were clean. Food being brought into town has been tested. According to the CDC this is a statistical anomaly, but it's manageable. Covid vaccines are holding up so nothing is too contagious right now.

> 

> So I figured if all of that was fine the hospital would be a good place to look. Except all the damn data I've got here doesn't line up. 

> 

> All three gangrene patients had surgeries on different days and their diagnoses all happened on different days too. The MRSA outbreak? Started on a different day. I'm going to take a drive to test for hume levels. Maybe I pick something up along the way.

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **2 October 2024**

> **17:02**

> 

> Four and a half fucking hours and nothing more concrete than generally elevated hume levels. Fuck. I mean... It's anomalous and now I know that, but there's no damn direction for what the cause is. I even did some of that prayer shit to force ghosts to show themselves in case it was that. Nothing. Not a fucking thing.

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **2 October 2024**

> **22:42**

> 

> It's an area of effect. I'm sure of it. If there's no connection between the victims it's either random or it's an area of effect and I think it's an area of effect. I goddam hope I'm right... 

> 

> No fuck that sounds horrible. People are dying and I'm thinking about promotions. Too much beer. I'm going to bed.

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **3 October 2024**

> **10:00**

> 

> Sorry I'm checking in late. I decided to take a drive around again to follow a better route. It worked kinda too. The hume levels are general and consistent but the difference is pretty negligible until you start heading in a specific direction. Towards the hospital. There's a suburb beyond that that I want to check out, but I'll do that later. Right now I'm going for a walk around the hospital again.

> 

>

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **3 October 2024**

> **13:37**

> 

> Guess who I found in the hospital? Colin and Margot McKenna. It looks like she was getting her first round of treatment. 

> 

> I didn't want to hover, but I did. It was hard to see. He just sat writing in his diary the whole time. He had that pen with him again . Jacobson mentioned it was impressive, but that was an expensive purchase. She never mentioned the ruby inlays. They were so bright.

> 

> He's also the only lead I currently have so I think I'm going to tail him for a few days to see what he gets up to. I may be recording-silent for a bit. I want to work on a few things.

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **4 October 2024**

> **11:38**

> 

> I did not expect that to go so well! I mean. It went, I guess. And it wasn't planned, but apparently I wasn't wrong about Colin being friendly. 

> 

> It was nothing too serious, but I saw him at gym last night and this morning. He offered to spot for me. Strange to think I'm investigating him and just gym-broing it up. 

> 

> I learned a lot, though. He owns a local advertising agency. That's probably what Jacobson meant when she said he had the money. He told me he headed back to gym after getting the all clear from his doc about the cancer. 

> 

> He didn't mention Margot. Not once. We didn't say much this morning either, but he spent a lot of time staring at me. I dunno. Maybe he's more adventurous than he looks. 

> 

> I'm going to take a look at new stats that came in last night and see what I can see. From what I can see, more people have been admitted. Jacobson hasn't responded to my text. I'll try and wait for her, but honestly -

> 

> = *Sounds of coughing in the background followed by a loud thud.*

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **4 October 2024**

> **11:46**

> 

> Someone just collapsed outside in the B&B courtyard. I'm taking them to the hospital. Will check back later. Here's hoping they're not contagious.

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **4 October 2024**

> **13:11**

> 

> *Talbot starts coughing.* 

> 

> God, what was that? Holy ass coughing fit! Ugh... 

> 

> *Sounds of running water being drunk and a slight echo can be heard.*

> 

> That's better. Sorry. I'm in the bathroom here at Saint Peregrine's. It was the owner of Merryden. She just collapsed from shortness of breath. I don't know what she's got but she was in pain the whole way here.

> 

> She's alive, though. I got her here in time. 

> ...

> ...

> ...

> ...

> I wonder if I should take a walk past oncology? 

> ...

> It couldn't hurt.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> **END LOG**

> **Interview Log: RT-A2**

>

> ~~-~~-

>

> **4 October 2024**

> **13:51**

> **Interviewed:** Margot McKenna 

> **Interviewer:** Junior Investigator Reece Talbot 

> **Foreword:** Saint Peregrine's Oncology Ward. Mrs McKenna is unaware she is being recorded.

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> **BEGIN LOG**

> 

> **Talbot:** Mrs McKenna? I'm Reece. Reece Talbot. I recently met your husband. Do you mind if I keep you company?

> 

> **Margot:** Oh! He mentioned you. No, of course not. How are you?

> 

> **Talbot:** I'm very well, thank you. How are you holding up?

> 

> **Margot:** I've been better. Cancer and all that.

> 

> **Talbot:** Colin mentioned. 

> 

> **Margot:** Osteosarcoma of the left leg. And, of course, on the back of him nearly dying recently, it's all rather gargantuan. So yeah, I've been better. 

> 

> **Talbot:** I'm sorry, I -

> 

> **Margot:** Nonsense! I'm teasing. But thank you, I appreciate the distraction. It's good to know Colin's getting back to being himself, making friends, exercising. 

> 

> **Talbot:** Where is he, actually? I figured he'd be here with you.

> 

> **Margot:** He went back to the office for the first time today. I made him. He's been looking forward to it. It'll be good for him to see how the ship didn't sink without its captain.

> 

> **Talbot:** You're very kind, but you shouldn't be alone through this.

> 

> **Margot:** I have a book. Marian Keyes is great company.

> 

> **Talbot:** I've heard, but I'll be honest, I saw you guys here when you came for your first session. He was just so focused on his journal that I was a bit worried for you.

> 

> **Margot:** I'm glad he's writing again. He used to journal daily, scribbling in the margins between his thoughts - commentary on his commentary. He's done it since college and when he got diagnosed, he stopped. The depression hit him hard.

> 

> **Talbot:** I'm sorry to hear that. I guess finding the pen must have felt like providence.

> 

> **Margot:** Something like that. The Chandlers had an estate sale. They ran into some financial trouble and had to... make ends meet. I went with some friends and when I saw the pen, Libra, I just couldn't resist. Of course, it was with his own money, but how could I not get it? He loved it and he started scribbling again. It made me smile.

> 

> **Talbot:** It is a beautiful piece. I'm a fan of fountain pens myself. 

> 

> **Margot:** I honestly believe it brought him back to life. Writing, I mean.

> 

> **Talbot:** What do you mean?

> 

> **Margot:** The more he wrote, the stronger he got. After that his blood tests started looking better. He started gaining weight. He was laughing again. Colin was coming back to me. Then he was in remission. And then... well, here I am. 

> 

> **Talbot:** I'm sorry.

> 

> **Margot:** For what? You're not the one who gave me cancer. 

> 

> **Talbot:** Well, then, I'm sorry for assuming the worst about Colin. He was just so focused on that journal of his. He was coping.

> 

> **Margot:** He was.

> 

> **Talbot:** I won't lie, I did spend longer than I cared to admit looking at that pen. I haven't seen a piece like that in... ever, really. That red was so rich.

> 

> **Margot:** The funny thing is, I don't even remember it being red when I bought it.

> 

> **Talbot:** You don't?

> 

> **Margot:** I'm pretty sure it was silver, yeah, but Colin says the red was there the day I gifted it to him. I can't believe I forgot that, but stranger things have happened.

> 

> **Talbot:** Yes, they have.

> 

> **Margot:** Reece, are you alright? You seem quite pale, suddenly.

> 

> **Talbot:** You know, now that you mention it... I'm here because the owner of the B&B I was staying at collapsed right outside my door. I drove her here in a bit of a hurry. I'm probably just coming down from the adrenalin.

> 

> **Margot:** Go get some rest, maybe. There's a lot going around these days.

> 

> **Talbot:** *coughs* Yeah, you're not wrong. I should probably go then. In case. I don't want to put you at risk.

> 

> **Margot:** I still appreciate the chat. Thank you for looking out for me.

> ~~-~~-

>

> **END LOG**

> **Investigator Log: RT-B2** 

> **BEGIN LOG**

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **6 October 2024**

> **07:02**

> **Merryden Bed and Breakfast**

> 

> It wasn't adrenalin. It was the fucking flu. I was in bed all of yesterday, so I didn't get much done. 

> 

> I've gotta get out of bed. Something's not right about that pen. I don't know what it is, but something's not right and I had an idea. I'm going to map those addresses out and see what I can see.

> *Talbot sneezes violently for thirty seconds.*

> ...

> ...

> I don't care if cancer isn't contagious. I read his file. It's a miracle or he's involved. And I'm pretty fucking sure he's involved. 

>

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **6 October 2024**

> **10:02**

> 

> Okay. I've made some changes to my bot. I've taken multivitamins. I'm hydrated. 

> 

> Now I just need to get through a shower and go to the hospital. I'm gonna wear a wire to record as much as I can, but I want to know what's going on here. If he's somehow affecting the town the hume levels are probably going to be really fucky near the oncology ward. 

> 

> In the mean time, my bot is going to do some cross referencing.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **6 October 2024**

> **13:52**

> 

> My nose is so blocked I can't taste the damn burger. Or I have Covid. Who knows anymore. It's getting bad out here. CDC vans are back in town. Things are getting worse way too fucking quickly for this to be ~~ *coughing fit* ~~ for this to be normal.

>

> I had a good idea, though. Mrs McKenna said she got the pen from the Chandler family estate sale. I decided to see if it was advertised. It was. No one's seen or heard from them since before the sale, but I've got a date now and when I get home... 

> 

> *rustling of tin foil as he tries to eat again*

> 

> Tastes like nothing...

>

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **6 October 2024**

> **14:35**

> **Oncology Ward**

> 

> I'm wearing a wire and I'm masked up. Sorry if things seem muffled. 

> 

> This place went to shit in 2 days. The emergency room is flooded. Jacobson tried to send me home when she saw me. 

> 

> Anyhow, I'm in oncology and guess what... hume levels are really fucking thready here. And the closer I get to where the McKennas were the threadier it gets. Not sure how reality hasn't just folded in on itself alrea - 

> 

> **Colin:** Reece? What are you doing here?

> 

> **Talbot:** Colin! Hey. What are you doing here? Your wife's next session isn't till next week.

> 

> **Colin:** She took a turn.

> 

> **Talbot:** What happened?

> 

> **Colin:** She collapsed about an hour ago. I'm not sure what's going on. I just decided to take a walk to clear my head.

> 

> **Talbot:** The oncology ward can't be very comforting, can it?

> 

> **Colin:** You're right.

> 

> **Talbot:** Is there anything I can do, maybe?

> 

> **Colin:** I don't know. I'm going to probably go get something to eat if you want to join. Or maybe just join me for a drink some time? After today I'm probably going to need one, to be honest. Actually, I could blow of some steam at the gym right about now.

>  

> **Talbot:** Yeah that'd be great. I'd be happy to. Let's hit the gym and grab something to eat. I just need to head to the bathroom first.

> 

> **Colin:** Thanks, Reece. That's actually a really good idea. None of the people at the country club are exactly sympathetic ears right now.

> 

> **Talbot:** I don't follow.

> 

> **Colin:** They're the kind of people who're just waiting to go to another estate sale, if you catch my drift.

> 

> **Talbot:** I'm sorry to hear that. Let's head out. You can get some fresh air while the doctors figure out what's wrong with Margot.

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **6 October 2024**

> **18:20**

> 

> *Coughing* 

> 

> Sorry. Uh... I went to the bathroom to take off my wire. I couldn't let him see it when I was getting undressed. Never got a chance to turn it back on. 

> 

> Margot's cancer has metastasized. It's spread to her bowel and hip and I don't know how else to say this but he's huge. Like... I haven't seen him in a few days, but he's so well built. Like he told me he hated what cancer did to his body, but I didn't expect him to get back his strength so quickly... *coughing* That's not a body. That's physique. 

> 

> *coughing*

> 

>  Goddammit. 

> 

> Anyway, she's staying for a couple days to be monitored, but I took a look at her blood tests and they're not great. Took me a minute to figure out how to read it, but comparing hers now to Colin's a few months back tells me she's declining about as quickly as his blood tests were on the upward trend. 

> 

> My bot also found something interesting. Colin was at the hospital on the exact day all three gangrene patients were operated on. He was there the first time an MRSA infection was found. I checked the security footage from his appointments on those days ~~ thank you full access ~~ and he was just sitting writing and here's the thing...

> 

> The pen was silver.

> 

> The increase in reports of sickness started round about the same time Margot bought the pen so... So I'm going over to see him at his place tonight. We're going to have a drink because I'm such a supportive CDC Analyst. I'll wear a camera this time. I honestly don't know what to expect, but I may as well. 

> ...

> ...

> ...

> I don't suppose I'll have a common sense thought any time soon?

> 

> ~~-~~-

> **END LOG**

> **Evidence Log: RT-C1**

> 

> **Below are excerpts of Colin McKenna's journal entries deemed relevant to the investigation found in the "Poorly" branded journals.**

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **1 August 2024**

> **11:16**

> 

> Margot said I should try writing again. These aren't thoughts I want to keep anywhere, though. Why would I want to? I'm dying. 

> 

> This pen she bought me feels pretty good. Libra. I wonder how much this cost Josh. I didn't even know he wrote. I doubt I'll find out, but I'll check out these Poorly guys in future.

> 

> If there's a future. 

> 

> For now my scrawny arm has a needle pumping chemicals into my body to bring me as close to death possible without killing me. It's not like this fucking cancer can take much more from me. I don't just feel like shit. I look like shit.

> 

> I don't know how often I'll write, but maybe Margot's on to something. Maybe it'll help.

> 

> At least the pen is comfortable to write with.

>  

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **6 August 2024**

> **14:01**

> 

> Margot's my goddam rock. I sit here throwing up, I can't make it to the bathroom and she's there every step of the way. I hate that she sees me that way. Margot, I know this hasn't been easy and I know I'm not easy, but just hold on for me. 

> 

> I didn't deserve this and you know that. I just hope I can find the way to say it to you one day. I just don't want people seeing me like this. 

> 

> Closed casket. Definitely.

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **6 August 2024**

> **23:13**

> 

> It feels good to write. At least I think it does. That's what I'm doing now. I'm testing. There's just something so serene about writing with Libra. The pen strokes are so calm and even. It feels good.

> 

> Margot always knew how to keep me happy. 

> 

> It's strange. I never noticed those hints of red before. 

> 

> It's a nice touch.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **8 August 2024**

> **12:30**

> 

> What else do I say? The cancer is shrinking. I didn't get everything Dr Jacobson said - something about tumor markers or something - but she says it's shrinking. It's responding! 

> 

> Margot says we should celebrate, but that's not a good idea. She looks so good and I look like shit. I get so angry every time I look in a mirror and now she wants to take me out in public? It's a little insensitive, really. I know I don't need a good body for her to love me... But she doesn't know what it's like watching yourself waste away. YEARS of work in the gym, in the kitchen, and one fucking blood test takes that all away. I'm not going to love myself until I look like I used to.

> 

> Still. Maybe a dinner out would be nice. 

>  

> ~~-~~-

>

> = *Colin spends the next few days reminiscing on the early days of his marriage and pondering the validity of his remission. Colin frequently refers to his visits with Doctor Jacobson After containment of SCP-8717, several benign tumors were found throughout Doctor Jacobson's abdomen. These were successfully removed via surgery and showed no anomalous properties beyond their appearance. After recovering from surgery, Doctor Jacobson was amnesticized and released.  *

>

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **16 August 2024**

> **07:30**

> 

> I actually did go out last night. Margot's as smart as she's ever been, that's for sure. She took me to this tiny diner off the highway. She said it's got great cheeseburgers and people mind their business. I think that just meant no one would recognise us. I've been avoiding the country club for months.

> 

> And I had fun. And there was no reason for me to. Aside from the burger everything else was crap. All you can taste in those milkshakes is syrup, but she was there sipping on a lime shake like we were 25 again. 

> 

> But I hate how good she looks some days. But that's going to change! I feel stronger. I don't know what's happening, but I feel stronger. I'm going to get back the body I had and go back to being someone I like.

> 

> We can deal with the wrinkles Margot's getting once I'm back to normal. I'm not going to have those standards slip.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> = *What follows are several days of entries where Colin takes note of his calorie intake and sets up exercise regimens for himself as he convalesces. He frequently speaks of his wife, himself and the town. Four entries of note are detailed below.*

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **2 September 2024**

> **08:05**

> 

> The CDC is in town. I'm not sure what's going on, but there's been some outbreak. It better not be Covid again. I mean there's nothing on the news. The thing is, I feel fine. I feel fucking great. I'm eating, I'm easing back into the gym. Jacobson says she can't understand it, but to "thank God and not ask too many questions."

> 

> Woman of science, that. 

> 

> I wish I could say the same for Margot. She's under the weather and sniffling. She asked me to do the cooking the other night. I can't say I wasn't surprised, but she did look pretty rough. 

> 

> In more ways than one. It's getting a bit obvious. Tried to have sex the other night and she wasn't in the mood. It's been fucking months since I could get it up and then she ~~has the nerve~~ just says no like that. Yeah well. She'll regret it. I'm back in the gym and feeling stronger than ever. 

> 

> I'm going to be beautiful again.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **19 September 2024**

> **01:11**

> 

> Today Margot asked me about Libra again. It's beautiful. It's the best gift I could have asked for and it just feels so right writing with it. 

> 

> And the thing is it's getting redder. All those geometric lines on it are slowly filling with what I can only describe as ruby? But I know it's not. Let's face it. 

> 

> I'm writing and she's getting weaker. People are getting sick. I don't know what it is, but something's out of place. Jacobson said I shouldn't come in for blood tests today - something about not wanting to risk me catching anything at the hospital. She sent a nurse over for bloodwork.

> 

> I signed some paperwork for her and her nose started bleeding. I don't know what's going on, but this pen... 

> 

> Is any of this worth it for me? She's my wife. 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **28 September 2024**

> **22:34**

> 

> I stood in front of the mirror last night. Each word I write pulls more of who I used to be out into the open. Each line I draw carves out more of who I'm supposed to be. My arms, my chest, my stomach, my thighs... It's exciting.

> 

> Its still not enough, though. I don't care if every line costs -- I'm not stopping. Besides, why shouldn't I live? I didn't deserve this, so why should I die? There in the mirror I saw a reason to live. A reason to choose. 

> 

> Maybe this is a bit decadent, but I never want to see anyone else looking back at me again. Never. This is who Colin McKenna is -- someone others are lucky to look at. Preening? Please. You can't improve on this. At least not by much and I'll close that gap soon. 

> 

> Margot was watching me. I could see her just outside the bathroom door. Every move I was making, she looked closer. Maybe she missed me? 

> 

> She could have fucking smiled.

> 

> The red on Libra is so rich. So red. I catch myself staring at it and when I write it's like I can feel a pulse. Every word I write is the cold tip of the pen tracing along my skin bringing Adonis back to life.

> 

> This is the best gift Margot could have gotten me.

>  

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **1 October 2024**

> **22:00**

> 

> I saw the most beautiful man at the hospital today.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> **END LOG**

> **Evidence Log: RT-C2**

> **Leatherbound Journal Entries**

> 

> = *All entries in the leather-bound journal are written in the Regal Red ink. The inks are not suspected to be anomalous nor necessary for the functioning of SCP-8717.*

> 

> ~~-~~-

> = **Undated front page**

> ~~-~~-

> 

> Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna. Margot McKenna.

> 

> = **I deserve to fucking live!**

> ~~-~~-

> **2 October 2024**

> **10:00**

> 

> I saw you at the gym. I don't know who you are, but you were there and I burned with how jealous I was. God, you're young, good looking, ripped. You probably fuck like a freight train too. 

> 

> There's a part of me that almost wants to go back to college thinking about you. With how Margot's starting to look it'd be welcome.

> 

> She got diagnosed now. Osteosarcoma. Yeah. My wife has cancer while I'm recovering from it. I want to say that's just insensitive of her, but I'm not allowed to. The fact that I'm getting better is just eclipsed by the fact that she's sick. The whole family just keeps saying how uncanny and unfair it is. Yeah, it probably is.

> 

> But I'm not going to stop writing. Not when you're out there looking like you do.

> 

> Maybe I'll see you at the gym again. Maybe I'll introduce myself. I don't know. Maybe...

>

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **3 October 2024**

> **14:30**

> 

> You were at the hospital today. You were watching me and Margot.

> 

> I don't think you saw me watching you. To be honest, I'm surprised you didn't from the way I was watching your chest move. I'm going to the gym tonight. I hope you'll be there.

> 

> I don't know if I like how you stared at Libra, though. I haven't had it insured yet. 

> 

> Might be worth the risk inviting you over.

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

>

> 

> **3 October 2024**

> **22:30**

> 

> Reece Talbot. Your name is Reece Talbot. 

> 

> You're in even better shape up close than I thought. You're charming too. Such a nerd. I never thought I'd see a fountain pen in the locker room, but there you were with your LAMY. 

> 

> We may as well bond over what we can, you and I. I suppose we did though. Spotting for you was exhilarating. Seeing your chest, your arms, move like that. I haven't wanted something more in years.

> 

> Your body moves like predator - decisively. Every time you moved, something else bulged or pulled at your shirt. I used to be like that and seeing you be that man hurts, but it's good to be near that power. I'll get it back and in the mean time, I'll just enjoy seeing the peaks and troughs of you.

> 

> I'll never forget us standing in front of that mirror together. 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> 

> **4 October 2024**

> **03:13**

> 

> Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot.

> 

> 

> Your name slips out of Libra's tip like velvet. I almost don't want to do this. You're so full of life. I just want to be like you again. I keep looking at myself in the mirror and my body just doesn't feel right yet. It doesn't feel like **ME.** It's not like yours. It's not powerful and fast. Not like you.

> 

> Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot....

> 

> = I'm sorry. I'll see you soon.

>

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **4 October 2024**

> **16:32**

> 

> I don't like how many questions you're asking. Why were you at the hospital speaking to Margot? She says it's because you're worried about her, but you didn't tell me that!

> 

> And now you're asking about the red on Libra too. You and Margot really need to stop asking questions.

> 

> I don't care if you're healthy and beautiful. Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot. Reece Talbot. I'm not going to get sick again and you're not going to take Libra from me. It's mine and I don't care anymore. 

> 

> Margot looks worse by the day. Her fucking hair started falling out. I'm so tired of having to carry her as well. I did that for myself for as long as I could and she's not even a week into this and she already needs my help. It's going to be a long fucking wait for her to die. 

> 

> 

> ~~-~~-

> 

> **6 October 2024**

> **18:00**

> 

> You were at the hospital today. 

> 

> Margot took a turn for the worst so I figured I'd take a walk around. You were in oncology like I knew you'd be. You're paying attention to me too. I don't know who you are, but you're not a CDC Analyst that's for sure.

> 

> You were standing there with this machine in your hands, right next to the bed I always had my treatment in. I want to say I knew what you were muttering to yourself, but I'll be damned if I know what a hume is. 

> 

> Nothing on Google can tell me either. Why are you so interested in me, Reece? I can answer that question about you, but would you understand? So I invited you over tonight. It's bad enough you look like that, but now I don't think I can trust you. 

> 

> Honestly, if I can avoid anything drastic, it'd be better. You seem so under the weather, but there's still a lot of life left in you. For now. You're still the most beautiful man.

> 

> I'll see you at 7PM.

> 

> = *The words "Reece Talbot" and "Margot McKenna are repeated for several pages.*

> 

> ~~-~~-

> **END LOG**

> **Incident Log: RT-D1**

> 

> ~~-~~-

> **6 October 2024**

> **19:19**

> **Location:** McKenna Residence, Ashwick, Connecticut

> 

>

> ~~-~~-

> 

> = *Agent Talbot arrives at the residence and is invited in. The residence is located in a semi-isolated section of the city overlooking a valley.  Agent Talbot's camera is affixed to his tie-pin. Talbot and McKenna are sharing wine in the living room.*

> 

> **Colin:** Yeah, the doctors are saying it's not looking too good, but... yeah. 

> 

> **Talbot:** I'm sorry you're going through this. Margot seems like a very nice woman.

> 

> **Colin:** Nice? She's the best thing that ever happened to me. I hate that she's going through this, but what can I do, right? 

> 

> **Talbot:** You just have to be there for her. Cancer is a war on it's own. She's lucky to have you with her through this.

> 

> **Colin:** Well, she's got doctors with her now. They're far more useful to her than a husband who knows how to sell things.

> 

> **Talbot:** How have you been coping with all this? Margot mentioned she sent you back to work.

> 

> **Colin:** Yeah, not much changed. If you hire competent you can die and the business should still run. I've never been one to let lack-luster people stick around at the agency, so I wasn't surprised to see things running smoothly. I may even take a step back for a while. Might go travel somewhere.

> 

> **Talbot:** You have to be doing something to unwind now, though, surely? Margot's not going to be able to travel for a while still.

> 

> **Colin:** Margot? Oh! Yes. Of course. Yeah I hadn't thought of that. Mostly now I'm just putting my thoughts down as often as I can. 

> 

> **Talbot:** She mentioned you were always scribbling.

> 

> **Colin:** So are you, though. You've got a standard LAMY Safari, right?

> 

> **Talbot:** Yeah, it's a nice day-to-day pen. I like writing with them. You've got that... what was it called?

> 

> **Colin:** Libra. Do you want to see it?

> 

> **Talbot:** I'd love to, yes.

> 

> = *Colin shows Talbot to his study, deeper in the house. The room is relatively large and quiet. Colin makes his way to a mahogany pen case on his desk.*

> 

> **Colin:** Honestly, I didn't even know the Chandlers were having money trouble. Then Margot showed up with Libra and I just couldn't resist trying to write again.

> 

> **Talbot:** What happened to the Chandlers since they left? Do you know?

> 

> **Colin:** No one's heard from them.

> 

> = *Colin opens the pen case and shows it to Talbot. Libra is lying in the case with the geometric patterns visibly pulsing red.*

> 

> **Talbot:** Is that some kind of special effect?

> 

> **Colin:** Yeah. 

> 

> **Talbot:** Can I try it out?

> 

> **Colin:** You can hold it.

> 

> **Talbot:** Okay.

> 

> **Colin:** And?

> 

> **Talbot:** I mean considering the size it's really lightweight.

> 

> **Colin:** And it glides across the paper like a whisper. 

> 

> **Talbot:** ...

> 

>  **Colin:** ...

> 

> **Talbot:** Is... everything okay? You've been staring at me all evening.

> 

> **Colin:** It's nothing. You're just... You're so in shape. I miss being in shape myself. That's all.

> 

> **Talbot:** Thanks, but you're recovering so quickly and you've bulked up pretty nicely, all things considered. And I've worked out with you. You're definitely getting your strength back.

> 

> **Colin:** It's not good enough. It's not fast enough, but Libra's been helping me through it a lot. 

> 

> **Talbot:** *coughing*  You talk about that pen like it's a person.

> 

> **Colin:** How about you hand it back? Sorry, I just don't want germs on it.

> 

> **Talbot:** Sure.

> 

> **Colin:** You seem under the weather. 

> 

> **Talbot:** Yeah, just a little. What's with the red on the pen, though? It's so bright.

> 

> **Colin:** It's a rare type of ruby. You're very interested in it. Why?

> 

> **Talbot:** Hey, man, it's just a cool p-

> 

> **Colin:** You ask a lot of questions. Margot told me you were speaking to her the other day.

> 

> = *Colin returns the pen to its open case without saying more then turns to face Talbot holding his journal. Colin is visibly angered.*

> 

> **Talbot:** Colin, what's going on?

> 

> **Colin:** I don't like people asking questions. Sticking your nose where it doesn't belong isn't very good for your health.

> 

> = *Colin opens the journal to reveal the words "Reece Talbot" written repeatedly across the pages.*

> 

> **Talbot:** What the hell? Colin what's with th --

> 

> **Colin:** It's nothing personal.

> 

> **Talbot:** Colin, I think you need to calm down.

> 

> **Colin:** Tell me who you are and what you want with Libra. 

> 

> **Talbot:** I don't know what the fuck you're talking about.

> 

> **Colin:** If you want my fucking pen, you're not getting it! And if you won't tell me who you're working for I'll fucking find out. 

>

> = *Colin lunges at Talbot and the camera feed goes dark momentarily as Talbot falls with Colin on top of him.*

> 

> **Talbot:** You have to stop and t - *Talbot is cut off and cries out. Colin is positioned on top of him and is trying to choke him.*

> 

> **Colin:** No one is going to take it from me! No one! I'm so fucking tired of this cancer shit. I just want my life back. I wanna fuck like a frat boy again!

> 

> = *Talbot struggles against Colin's grip and manages to throw him off. He moves further away from the desk and reaches for his gun. Colin is visible as Talbot turns to face him. Colin lunges at Talbot again. He is holding Libra.*

> 

> = *Talbot yells loudly as the pen sinks into his abdomen. They fall to the ground again and Colin continues strangling Talbot.*

> 

> **Colin:** Just fucking --

> 

> = *A gunshot is heard and Colin goes limp on top of Talbot. The camera is darkened and for several minutes nothing happens. All that can be heard is the sound of labored breathing.*

> 

> **Talbot:** This is Junior Agent Reece Talbot, requesting back-up.

> 

> ~~-~~-

> **END LOG** 

> **To:** croberts@scipnet.org

> **From:** rtalbot@scipnet.org

> **Subject:** Re:SCP-8717

>

> ~~-~~-

> Good morning, Doctor Roberts.

> 

> I am recovering well, thank you for asking. I didn't expect being stabbed with a pen to hurt that much, but I'm getting a lot of rest and looking forward to returning to work.

> 

> I've made sure to sign myself up for a refresher on Sarkicism. You are right; I missed way too many signs that this was Sarkic in nature and my training in Defensive Theology is not going to be enough moving forward. I do appreciate the Foundation's faith in me despite that shortcoming and I'll make sure the Department of Anomalous Artefacts doesn't regret this decision.

> 

> Also, thank you for letting me know about Mrs McKenna. I'm sorry I wasn't able to move quick enough to save her. 

> 

> Once again, thank you. I will be on hand if you have any more questions regarding SCP-8717.

> 

> Kind regards

> Investigator Reece Talbot

> ~~-~~-

---

Any leads regarding the information below are to be forwarded to the Department of Anomalous Artefacts for the attention of Agent Reece Talbot:

* Mention of zodiac signs with relation to writing stationery.

* Information regarding Poorly Fine Wares.

* The whereabouts of Joshua and Charlotte Chandler. The social security numbers used by these individuals have been linked to two separate unsolved disappearances. 

Ashwick, Connecticut is currently being monitored for a period of 90 days following the date of the item's containment to ensure the continued decline of the effects of SCP-8717.

---

<< [SCP-8716](SCP-8716) | SCP-8717 | [SCP-8718](SCP-8718) >>
