=====

:root {

    --header-title:"Orlando";

    --header-subtitle:"An Extended Biography";

    ~~logo-image: url("https://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local~~files/queerlando-theme/quill_shadow.png");

}

#header h1 a:before {

    font-size: clamp(3rem, 24vw, 6rem);

}

#header h2 span::before {

    font-size: 1.3em;

    padding-top: 0.5em;

    margin-left: -0.5em;

    text-shadow: 0.125rem 0.125rem 0 rgb(79 79 79);

}

#page-content hr {

    width: 100% !important;

    margin: 1em auto;

}

#page-content .creditButton p a {

    color:#373737;

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

**🕰️ Word Count: 8.5k Words 🕰️**

@@ @@

Hello, Mr. Gibbs.

Thank you for informing me of the upcoming assignment of personnel.

For the record, I would like to state that Site-44 is currently in no need of such personnel, and likely will remain under such a status for the near-future. Any extant projects would be demeaning and any assigned researchers would be unable to make meaningful scientific advances; they would have no future at Site-44.

I presume that you are in charge, Mr. Gibbs, but if not -- may you please direct me to whomever can make decisions regarding the matter? I can assure you that this must be some sort of mistake. It would be simpler if I didn't have to veto this.

**Item #:** SCP-8291

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Efforts are underway to locate SCP-8291. When found, it is to be sedated and kept comatose until permanent containment methods are devised.

**Description:** SCP-8291 is a non-aging female human possessing seeming hyper-endurance and regenerative abilities. SCP-8291 has historically been referred to merely as "Orlando", with no known surname associated with it. Personnel are yet to communicate with SCP-8291 verbally.

**Discovery:** SCP-8291 was discovered on 18/MAY/1876 when Foundation agents began analyzing British records for an unrelated investigation. The name "Orlando" was continually referenced throughout a nearly three-century period, leading to a Foundation agent concluding that the figure may be anomalous.

Foundation agents attempted to apprehend SCP-8291 at a government building in London, although SCP-8291 noticed the efforts and was able to escape containment. Foundation personnel have since made 6 efforts to capture SCP-8291 , although all efforts have failed without engagement. Documents and images of SCP-8291 or relating to SCP-8291 have been retrieved and kept in the Site-44 physical storage locker.

**Note:** On 05/JAN/1943, the SCP-8291 file was abandoned to conserve resources within Site-44. SCP-8291 would eventually be reintroduced to research efforts on 13/MAY/2003, under Researcher Amelia Warnecke.

---

## Site-44

### Audio Communications Transcript

---

**Piedmonte:** Hello?

**Warnecke:** Hey, Director Piedmonte.

**Piedmonte:** Who is this?

**Warnecke:** Warnecke.

**Piedmonte:** ...

**Warnecke:** Oh, sorry. Amelia Warnecke.

**Piedmonte:** Do I know you, Miss Warnecke?

**Warnecke:** I... I work at Site-44? I was just assigned to 8291?

**Piedmonte:** Oh. You were one of the staff *they* assigned behind my back, that's right. What do you want?

**Warnecke:** I was just... *a bit lost* on some parts about the file.

**Piedmonte:** 8291? Do we contain that? I'm sorry, they cut me out of the process entirely. You know I tried to tell them-... Sorry, I just… we didn't need the staff. What's wrong with the document?

**Warnecke:** Just don't really think I was given much to go off of. I'm really looking for what exactly it is I'm supposed to do with the file.

**Piedmonte:** Hang on, let me pull up the file.

...

**Piedmonte:** Huh, pretty small file.

**Warnecke:** Yeah.

**Piedmonte:** I'd say just spend a few days getting acquainted with 8291, then start putting together ideas on how to track it down.

**Warnecke:** I was thinking something like that, just I'm having trouble finding *any* other records related to 8291.

**Piedmonte:** Did you try searching over the site database?

**Warnecke:** I did and all that I could find were some invoices and references, but no actual documents.

**Piedmonte:** Ah. It says on the file that most of the files made were kept physically.

**Warnecke:** What?! None of them were transcribed digitally?!

**Piedmonte:** The file's been abandoned since the '40's - do you think anybody really cared enough to bother copying it down.

**Warnecke:** I feel like they should have done it at some point... Would certainly make my job easier.

**Piedmonte:** Then that's what you're doing right now. Find the documents and put them online. Something about 44 that you'll find out quick is that everyone around here has to put in a helluva lot of work to keep things running compared to other sites.

**Warnecke:** So I have to go to the locker and manually get all of the files?

**Piedmonte:** Yeah. Unfortunate. 

**Warnecke:** It's... Alright. Do you know where the lockers are?

**Piedmonte:** There should be maps located around the facility.

**Warnecke:** Okay.

**Piedmonte:** Welcome to Site-44.

@@ @@

Hello, Mr. Piedmonte.

None of the files relating to SCP-8291 are categorized. As far as I can tell, they are all randomly sorted throughout the storage facility.

@@ @@

Amelia,

Try consulting Paul Bernard. He should be stationed at the storage facility.

@@ @@

I did try consulting Paul. He said that he has never heard of the 8291 file, and has no idea where related info would be stored. When I showed him the file, he gave me a few broad locations where it might be stored, but nothing concrete.

@@ @@

Hello, Amelia.

I am not entirely sure what you expect me to do in this situation. Thank you for letting me know, but it is not generally a situation I need to be aware of. I suggest that you follow through with what Paul said and look where he told you to look. 

Furthermore, I believe I should note that typically personnel contact their directors for major occurrences. I manage a site of roughly six hundred personnel, and can't address them all every day for small occasions. If you are in need of staff, funding, or any form of resources, feel free to contact me. When you do contact me, also remember to start each email by addressing the subject (i.e. "Hello, Amelia".), as that is a strong practice here at Site-44 as a simple matter of respect. Until then, refrain from communicating with me unless needed.

**Note:** Three days of searching through files and records. But, I finally managed to find something.

**Stanton Holmes**

07/FEB/1890

PoI-451

"Nick Greene"

**Description:** Elderly male, tall. Grey, long hair. Caucasian. 

**Career:** Professor, Knight, Literary Critic, Author.

**Note:** Greene seemingly possesses capabilities of high-endurance and slow aging. Mind is adept given an estimated age of 200+ years. Believed to be English in Origin, although may have briefly lived in America. Noted as having similar properties to SCP-8291 and having at least once interacted with SCP-8291. Further records about Greene not directly attached.

---

## Site-44

### Audio Communications Transcript

---

**Bernard:** Hello?

**Warnecke:** Hey, Paul.

**Bernard:** Amy! What can I help you with?

**Warnecke:** You know how I've been looking into records for 8291 but couldn't find anything?

**Bernard:** Yeah?

**Warnecke:** Well the other day I finally found a *single* note that mentioned it.

**Bernard:** Nice.

**Warnecke:** But the thing is that the document was about a different guy - "Nick Greene".

**Bernard:** Ah.

**Warnecke:** I was wondering if you knew about any records relating to the guy.

**Bernard:** You know that's a stretch.

**Warnecke:** Yeah...

**Bernard:** But I'll look.

**Warnecke:** Thanks.

**Bernard:** Have you tried searching the database yet? Online?

**Warnecke:** In the process of it. Can say that I'm actually seeing a handful of pages on him, which is more than 8291. Just not anything aside from basic info about him.

**Bernard:** Gotchya.

**Warnecke:** Thanks, Paul.

| 🔍︎ Search the Database |
| --- |
...

...

...

| 🔍︎ nick greene interacted |
| --- |
**3 Results Found!**

 ...**Nick Greene interacted** with Queen Elizabeth II on...

...during further surveillance, **Nick Greene interacted** with at least four Foundation agents. 

...persons for whom **Nick Greene interacted** with.

---

Nothing online.

**Note:** Gonna revise this later, but holy fucking shit. Paul was able to find a small section on Greene. Only a handful of documents, but it's a start. And this was only in about an hour, too. Apparently Greene is also alive and kicking, although he isn't being constantly monitored anymore. Still, this whole thing with Greene being a PoI is starting to make me think that there really aren't many files of SCP-8291 in storage.

## The Suspected Movements of One Nick Greene

---

1540~ - 1600~, Early Years of life. Works as a poet and critic. Artistic depictions are made of Greene detailing his aging. Somewhere in the early 17th century, Greene is believed to have ceased aging. Maintains the appearance of an elderly man.

1600~ - 1648, Intermediate years. Continues as a poet. In 1648, Greene was knighted by James I.

1648 - 1795, Domestic Travels. Greene travelled around England, becoming a professor and taking up at least thirty-nine positions at universities (possibly more).

1795 - 1845, European Travels. Greene left England for France through Spain in 1795 to write about the French Revolution. Would travel throughout Europe across the Napoleonic wars, writing frequently about battles. In 1817, Greene began a journey across Europe to visit major cities across the continent.

1845 - 1850, First American Visit. Greene briefly sailed to America and travelled around the nation, writing a book on his journeys.

1850 - 1924, Back to England. Greene returned to England in 1850. Became a professor at the University of London. Greene also began a newspaper publication which lasted from 1862 - 1914. On one instance, Greene was spotted briefly conversing with SCP-8291 in 1903. Any further relationship is unknown, and unprecedented.

1924 - 1978, Second American Visit. Greene was observed travelling to the United States a second time in 1924. In America, he helped organize an illegal alcohol distillery operation. Greene additionally founded an at-first anti-prohibition newspaper in the states, quickly going on to become a literary critique newsletter.

Observation of Greene was ended by Site-44 on 01/JAN/1978.

**Note:** Paul was able to find a different section with a copy of pretty much every single newspaper Greene ever wrote. I'm going to go through them all over the next few days, and hopefully see if he mentioned Orlando at one point. Even if the stuff about Greene is more organized, it still is just a mess to sort through. No sorting by dates, no nothing like that.

**Note:** Holy shit.

### *'A SIT DOWN INTERVIEW WITH THE POET ORLANDO'*

---

 **ORLANDO**  **is a poet from England whom I have been a good friend with for a long, long time. I was recently sent a letter by Orlando, informing me of her arrival in the States. So, I took the chance to visit her and sit down to ask her a few questions.**

 **NOT**  **long ago**, I helped Orlando to publish her manuscript, "The Oak Tree". So it is wonderful to have the chance to converse...

**Note:** I have removed the rest of the newspaper and interview. I don't think there is much to note in the rest of the interview (Greene and Orlando just talk about the manuscript and how it was published, rather than important details about Orlando's life). Still, this concretely places Orlando in the United States in the very least in the 1930's. Trying to look around for a copy of "The Oak Tree", should it exist.

**Note:** It's been roughly another two weeks since the newspaper discovery. Finding it suggested that Orlando wasn't strictly bound to England. I think I have enough to revise the article.

---

**Item #:** SCP-8291

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Efforts are underway to locate SCP-8291.

**Description:** SCP-8291 is a non-aging human female. SCP-8291 additionally seems to possess abilities of hyper-endurance and gradual regeneration. SCP-8291 is currently uncontained, and Foundation personnel are yet to communicate with her. SCP-8291 is commonly referred to as "Orlando".

SCP-8291's date of birth is unknown, although it is known that SCP-8291 served as an ambassador for England to the Ottoman Court, spending several years in Constantinople (Now Istanbul) during the early 17th century. SCP-8291 later returned to England, although the means of which are unknown. Marriage certificates suggest that SCP-8291 was, at one point, married to a man named Bonthrop Shelmerdine.

---

**Note:** So I figured out something about Orlando. I looked through letters, through old publications, through documents. Pretty much all depictions of Orlando as we currently know her start some time in the early 1600's, when she supposedly was an ambassador to the Ottoman court. Yet, no depictions of her exist prior. Then, I found an artistic rendition of an ambassador to the Ottomans from around the same time.

And sure enough, there was a male British ambassador from around that time period named Orlando. An ambassador who had previously been a part of the Queen's court. Yet one who seemingly disappeared without a trace as soon as our Orlando showed up. 

I believe SCP-8291 was born as a man, then later became a woman.

**Piedmonte:** Warnecke!

**Warnecke:** Finally remembered my name?

**Piedmonte:** Let's roll with something along those lines and not bring up your first name.

**Warnecke:** Amelia.

**Piedmonte:** There we go!

**Warnecke:** Did you read the new file on 8291?

**Piedmonte:** Not yet. As always, busy busy.

**Warnecke:** When you have the time if you could give it a check, it would be appreciated.

**Piedmonte:** Ah, I can pull it up right now.

**Warnecke:** You don't have to.

**Piedmonte:** What else am I really doing right now?

... 

**Piedmonte:** You've been taking notes on the page?

**Warnecke:** Temporary notes.

**Piedmonte:** Ah.

**Warnecke:** I'll remove them whenever I make the final iteration of the page.

**Piedmonte:** Got it. Would say to keep that stuff to a minimum, though. Lessen the hassle?

**Warnecke:** Sure.

...

**Piedmonte:** So what's that note on the bottom about?

**Warnecke:** I wanted to talk about it.

**Piedmonte:** Then lets talk. What exactly does that mean?

**Warnecke:** I think there is some evidence to connect two-

**Piedmonte:** Yeah, yeah. Just. From the looks of it incredibly weak evidence.

**Warnecke:** I know. 

**Piedmonte:** And I hope you also know by 'weak' I mean having pretty much no basis for a claim like that at all.

**Warnecke:** It's just a hunch.

**Piedmonte:** Well until you can find some actual proof, I'd suggest you focus more on your other leads to finding 8291. Such as something like the novel.

**Warnecke:** So you want me to find proof, without looking for proof?

**Piedmonte:** What I'm saying is to at least wait until you've followed up more promising options.

**Note:** I have an idea.

---

= **Field Notes:** Historical Excursion One

---

I thought I had a lead; I trusted my gut, went to Kent in search of proof. The two 'Orlando's *had* to have something in common; even if they aren't the same person, figuring that out would still be helpful. If I could just find Orlando's historical residences, based on archival logs, reports, and historical records whilst he was a man, then I could prove I was right to Piedmonte. If I could just bring a tangible piece of evidence, there is no way he could dismiss my argument.

I found nothing.

Nothing. Can you believe that? Literally, *zero* evidence of a man named 'Orlando' ever living in this area; every person I interviewed glared at me and closed the door in my face. The one time somebody let me in, her father heard my questions and threw me out -- what the hell is wrong with people? Is it about asking for Orlando? I don't know.

I'm writing this from a local pub, officially, I am not drinking, but unofficially, the stout they have is wonderful. It's weird, being in such a historic place, so casually. The floor is uneven, covered in spills, technology everywhere, and yet, the walls are covered in black and white photos from the past, random letters, bills, anything they could tack to the wall, they did. There are boar heads, historical weapons, and anything that you would need to cosplay a tavern at a Ren fair.

Nevermind. I found something, maybe. I think?

There was a picture of a man in the bar, ancient, folded paper with a washed out face. It looked like it had been carried in a wallet or coat pocket for well over a decade, it must have been important to somebody, not sure who? Maybe the owner? Investigate that later

I think it's Orlando. I have no proof, but... a lead is a lead, right?

---

@@ @@

Hell, mr. Piedmonte.

I recently wen't on an expidition to kent on the topic of 8291. ultimately, i ended up having very little success on those first few days. currently, i am at a bar. On the backboard, i can see a picture of both the owner and of a person I can positively describe as 8291.

@@ @@

Hello, Mr. Piedmonte.

I sent that email last night while intoxicated on my own time, so apologies for the formatting. However that should not detract from the reality that I saw a picture of 8291 in the bar. 

@@ @@

Warnecke.

I will be blunt and say I am skeptical of your claims. Considering the frankly obvious fact that you were intoxicated, and the hyperfixation you have had on 8291 only leaves me to believe that made yourself see something you wanted to see in a random place. Further bolstered by the fact that you did not take the image or a copy of the image. 

Keep up the work. But, if possible, try not to email me while you're drunk, Amelia.

*Warnecke enters the bar. Aside from the bartender, only two customers are inside the bar.*

**Bartender:** Hey, there. How's it hanging along?

**Warnecke:** Good. Could I have a pint of Guiness?

**Bartender:** Sure.

*The bartender pours the drink and hands it to Warnecke.*

**Bartender:** Got a free day today?

**Warnecke:** Pardon?

**Bartender:** Coming in to drink at two P.M. on a weekday.

**Warnecke:** Technically on work. Although can't really say I've been able to make much progress these past few days.

**Bartender:** Where do you work at?

**Warnecke:** Environmental Agency.

**Bartender:** For the Queen?

**Warnecke:** Yeah. Just been looking around the area.

*Warnecke looks at the picture containing SCP-8291.*

**Warnecke:** Huh.

**Bartender:** What's up?

*Warnecke points at the picture.*

**Warnecke:** Do you know who that woman is?

**Bartender:** Her? No. You'd probably have to ask the owner. All I know is she came around here a lot in the seventies and eighties.

**Warnecke:** Really?

**Bartender:** Yeah. At this point is probably too old to really go out drinking much.

**Warnecke:** She looks like she's in her late twenties, there. She'd probably only be forty or fifty now?

**Bartender:** Huh. Yeah I guess so.

**Warnecke:** Have you ever seen her come in here?

**Bartender:** Now that I think about it, she seems familiar. Yeah, yeah. She does.

**Warnecke:** Does she come in a lot?

**Bartender:** Definitely not a regular. But I do think I've seen her once or twice.

**Warnecke:** Thanks

 

**Note:** Began scoping out the bar every night for Orlando. I have a bodycam concealed on me to record anything or look back. Also rented out a room, so I'm going to be able to do work remotely for the next few weeks.

*SCP-8291 enters the bar. Warnecke quickly takes notice and looks at her. SCP-8291 buys a drink and sits down on a stool. The bar is otherwise full. Warnecke stands up and approaches SCP-8291.*

**Warnecke:** Clarence, can I have another pint?

*The bartender takes Warnecke's glass and refills it. Warnecke turns to SCP-8291.*

**Warnecke:** What are you drinking?

**SCP-8291:** Red wine.

*The bartender returns with Warnecke's drink.*

**Warnecke:** And then when she's done, I'll pay for her next drink as well.

**SCP-8291:** Thanks.

**Warnecke:** Of course.

**SCP-8291:** So what's your name?

**Warnecke:** Amy.

**SCP-8291:** Nice to meet you.

**Warnecke:** And yours?

**SCP-8291:** Orlando.

**Warnecke:** Orlando, huh...

**SCP-8291:** Is the name familiar?

**Warnecke:** Isn't there a town in America named that?

**SCP-8291:** The name predates the town.

**Warnecke:** But even then, there's something else...

*Warnecke sips from her glass.*

**Warnecke:** Isn't there a uh. A poet, I think? Like late 1800's, I believe.

**SCP-8291:** I will say you have really impressive memory for that.

**Warnecke:** Yeah. I think I read a lot of her work a few years ago. Are you named after her?

*SCP-8291 sips from her glass.*

**SCP-8291:** Would you like a secret?

**Warnecke:** Surely won't pass.

**SCP-8291:** I am that poet.

**Warnecke:** What? Don't tell me you're already drunk?

**SCP-8291:** Can't really get drunk anymore, sadly. 

**Warnecke:** So you're a... what? Century-old poet from the 19th century?

**SCP-8291:** Four-centuries old, actually. 

**Warnecke:** From... Jesus. Who was the King back then.

**SCP-8291:** Queen Elizabeth the First.

**Warnecke:** Huh.

...

**Warnecke:** So you're being serious?

**SCP-8291:** Yes I am.

**Warnecke:** Well I just got to say I really like your work.

**SCP-8291:** Have you read *The Oak Tree*?

**Warnecke:** No! I haven't. I've been looking for a copy for years.

**SCP-8291:** We'll have to get you one.

**Warnecke:** Really?

**SCP-8291:** Of course.

**Warnecke:** Well I-

*Warnecke pauses.*

**Warnecke:** You know what, can we move to a booth for a second.

**SCP-8291:** Sure.

*SCP-8291 and Warnecke move to a private booth.*

**Warnecke:** I'm going to be honest, Orlando. I know who you are.

**SCP-8291:** ...

**Warnecke:** I'm a researcher with an organization called the 'SCP Foundation'. I've been trying to find you for a few months now. This whole thing really was just to get information out of you.

**SCP-8291:** So why come clean?

**Warnecke:** It just... Doesn't feel like the right way to go about it.

**SCP-8291:** You know, I do remember your Foundation trying to imprison me quite a while ago. They cornered me in a building and aimed rifles at my head. If only by the skin of my teeth did I get out of there.

**Warnecke:** Yeah...

**SCP-8291:** Are you here to try to imprison me again, or just to ask questions?

**Warnecke:** I promise you I'm not going to try to trick you.

**SCP-8291:** You did, evidently, just try.

**Warnecke:** Well...

**SCP-8291:** But do you really, really promise?

**Warnecke:** I do.

*SCP-8291 produces a paper note. She writes down a phone number on it.*

**SCP-8291:** Here. My cell number.

*Warnecke picks it up.*

**SCP-8291:** We can talk at a later date. But, tonight I would like to drink. You are free to stay with me, if you would like.

**Warnecke:** Thank you. I think I'll head away, though.

**SCP-8291:** Talk later!

Hello, Director Piedmonte.

Attached is an abridged recording of SCP-8291 at a pub in Kent. 

Sent Orlando.mp3.

Hello, Amelia.

Please refrain from using improper subjects in the future. I will state that the discovery is impressive. However in some cases results still don't warrant the means. In this recording, you were drinking, failed to report the location of a Keter-class anomaly, and most of all revealed the existence of the Foundation in public. Frankly, there is a learning curb to be expected. However some actions taken are hardly excusable. The only reason you have not been demoted from the 8291 case is because of your discovery, and your means of contacting the anomaly.

Going forward, I will make a point to assign myself co-researcher to yourself on 8291 for the time being, in order to ensure protocol is met. Any additions or modifications to the file must be approved by me.

= **SCP-8291 Report:** Major Identity Discovery

= *Request for Funding*

This report has been created as part of an application to the Research and Publications Board, to create an official recorded record of the discoveries surrounding SCP-8291. All contents of this report are to be considered accurate; any variance between this and the main file is incorrect, and any questions should be addressed to Director Piedmonte at Site-44.

Following an extensive research into SCP-8291, the research team has made a major discovery. To date, the Foundation had assumed that SCP-8291 was a biological human female with no overall significance outside of it's anomalous properties. Recently, it has been noted by my co-Researcher Amelia Warnecke that there is substantial evidence that SCP-8291 was originally a male human who acted as a British ambassador and, as a male, had heavy influence in the English royal court.

 

Due to the significance of this finding, SCP-8291 is now considered at a higher priority. SCP-8291 is a male who, by seemingly anomalous means, managed to change its sex to that of a female. It is believed that the act of SCP-8291 being a 'transgender' anomaly can provide powerful insights to the Foundation, given the lack of PoI's or anomalous persons who have undergone sex changes.

This discovery by myself and co-Researcher Warnecke represents one of the first major discovery of a transgender anomalous individual, and therefore, further funding is requested. Given the Foundation's recent push towards diversity and inclusivity, the funding of useful research into queer issues is critical. As such, I am suggesting that wider funding be pushed toward Site-44 and more specifically to SCP-8291 to further any initiatives to assist in diversity.

Regards,

Director Piedmonte

**Note:** Since Piedmonte submitted the report, he has done zero work on SCP-8291, nor has he responded to any of my meeting requests, or given any direction on next steps. I'm going to keep researching, this is still my file too.

*The following conversation was transcribed by Researcher Amelia Warnecke, after the fact.*

---

@@ @@

**Warnecke:** Hello?

**SCP-8291:** You called.

**Warnecke:** Was that unexpected?

*Pause.*

**SCP-8291:** It would only be unexpected, had I any expectations; given my past interactions with your organization, I can hope you understand why I expected my door to be kicked in, rather than a phone call. Am I to presume that I am being tracked and recorded?

**Warnecke:** Luckily, you gave your number to me, and from past experience, I have found that when we shoot at our research subjects, they are often much more difficult to interview. I'm calling from my cellphone, and will be recording this to a tape recorder; I'll be transcribing our conversation, and then deleting the file. Is that okay with you?

*Silence.*

**Warnecke:** If not, I can stop the reco--

**SCP-8291:** No need, my dear, it appears I spoke to soon; you have subverted my expectations of you. What would you like to ask me?

**Warnecke:** I need your help.

**SCP-8291:** Oh?

**Warnecke:** I need to set the record straight. My boss saw our last conversation and has begun to 'oversee' my research; including writing a report where he pretends he contributed *anything* to the discovery. I would like to ensure that what we say is accurate, rather than being informed by his findings.

**SCP-8291:** What did he find?

**Warnecke:** Nothing that I hadn't found already.

**SCP-8291:** Ha. Four-hundred years, and yet, they are still the same. Very well, where shall we meet?

**Warnecke:** Yo-- you're agreeing to meet with me?

**SCP-8291:** You sound so surprised, my dear, but I understand your plight. As long as you can promise that I will be able to leave, unaccosted, I am even willing to meet at one of your 'facilities'. Can you guarantee that?

**Warnecke:** Yes. Orlando, you can trust me. We want the same things.

**SCP-8291:** For once, in all of my interactions with your sort, I believe you are correct. Give me a time, date and location, and I will be there.

**Warnecke:** Thank you, Orlando. Genuinely.

**SCP-8291:** My pleasure, Amelia.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

= **SCP-8291 Interview**

Attending:

* SCP-8291

* Researcher Amelia Warnecke

* Director Edward Piedmonte

---

*Researcher Warnecke sits opposite SCP-8291, at a table, in a small, plain interview room. Both appear to be waiting.*

**SCP-8291:** Is he typically--

**Warnecke:** Late? Only for my meetings.

**SCP-8291:** Of course. I am afraid I do have an event this evening, is there any way that we can begin?

**Warnecke:** If you're ready to start. Even if him and I are 'co-researchers' on this, I've pretty much done all of the work myself already.

*SCP-8291 nods.*

**SCP-8291:** So where may you like to start?

**Warnecke:** Well let's start with your life.

**SCP-8291:** You'll need to be rather specific, I have had quite a long life.

**Warnecke:** Ah, sorry. How about what year you were born, if you can recall it.

**SCP-8291:** The exact year?

**Warnecke:** If you can remember it-

**SCP-8291:** Oh, some time in the middle of the 16th century, I would say. I was but only about ten years of age when I first began winning influence in the court.

**Warnecke:** What was it like back in the court of... Elizabeth, I would say?

**SCP-8291:** Hm...

*SCP-8291 rests her fingers against her forehead.*

**SCP-8291:** Terribly sorry; although my body may remain in a perfect condition after all of these years, it does grow hard for me to remember specific details from centuries ago.

**Warnecke:** What do you remember around that time?

**SCP-8291:** I remember... I remember that, when I was still young, something to the sort of a Russian envoy came about. They visited the court, and I myself courted the Russian princess. Sasha.

**Warnecke:** What was she like.

**SCP-8291:** She was beautiful. She taught me the very basics of Russian, although I could hardly speak a work regardless of how she tried. We met in secret over a great many nights. Every day she spent in London was precious.

**Warnecke:** What happened to Sasha?

**SCP-8291:** ... She left. Without warning on a night we were supposed to meet. I looked into the sunset and saw her boat leaving, not being able to say a goodbye. 

**Warnecke:** Oh. I'm really, really sorry about that Orlando.

**SCP-8291:** It's alright.

**Warnecke:** Did you ever try to talk to her later?

**SCP-8291:** Never really had the chance to. For never again did we speak, or even have a chance to say our goodbyes.

*Warnecke flips through her notes.*

**Warnecke:** Bit of a quick question here; what do you know of Nicholas Greene?

**SCP-8291:** Sir Nicholas?! I know him well - he is a great friend of mine!

**Warnecke:** I was reading a newspaper interview he made of you a few decades ago.

**SCP-8291:** Oh, that thing! Nick always set out to making newspapers wherever he travelled.

**Warnecke:** I understand that he helped you write a book.

**SCP-8291:** That he did. That he indeed did do. *The Oak Tree*, my manuscript. I am sorry for not bringing a copy with me here, I promise I will remember it when next we meet!

**Warnecke:** May I ask how you ended up in Constantinople?

**SCP-8291:** My home here and England, for lack of a better description, was rendered entirely and absolutely uninhabitable - I had to flee the nation for a duration, so I requested of King Charles to send me as Ambassador Extraordinaire to Istanbul.

**Warnecke:** Then is that where-

**SCP-8291:** I became a woman? Yes!

**Warnecke:** What was it like?

**SCP-8291:** Quite a shocking change, to be frank. I remember not realizing the scope of my new body for years until I finally embarked back home to England. I believe a man, by some abject horror, witnessed my bare ankle!

**Warnecke:** Oh my, so scandalous!

*SCP-8291 laughs.*

**SCP-8291:** That man in fact almost fell to his death overboard, leading me to realize what magnitude my metamorphosis held. It caused me to dress as a man and woman whenever I needed to alternate. Including to evade the proposals of marriage by members of the court.

**Warnecke:** When did you start to lose influence in the court?

**SCP-8291:** Mostly when I was bombarded with proposals from every bachelor who stepped foot near me, and left to evade their attention.

**Warnecke:** Ah.

**SCP-8291:** What would you like to inquire next?

**Warnecke:** How about your life more recently? What have you been up to over the past... Let's say century.

**SCP-8291:** Well-

*The door to the room opens and Piedmonte enters the room.*

**Warnecke:** Ed.

**Piedmonte:** Sorry for me being late.

**Warnecke:** All good. We were just getting started.

**Piedmonte:** Wait... You already started?!

**Warnecke:** Yep.

*Piedmonte moves over to the camera recording the interview.*

**Piedmonte:** Did you make sure this thing was recording? Audio included.

**Warnecke:** I did?

**Piedmonte:** And you're sure?

**Warnecke:** We tested it earlier.

**Piedmonte:** Alright.

*Piedmonte sits down.*

**Warnecke:** Orlando, this is Edward Piedmonte.

**Piedmonte;** Yep. Director Edward Piedmonte. Pleasure to meet you.

*Piedmonte stretches his hand to shake SCP-8291's hand. SCP-8291 slowly outstretches to take it.*

**SCP-8291:** Nice to meet you.

**Warnecke:** We were just moving on to some of Orlando's recent activities. So if we're all ready - let's start?

**Piedmonte:** Fine by me.

**SCP-8291:** I do remember for a good period of time in the middle of the century, I wasn't even in England - as I would frequently visit the Unites States to study and meet with acquaintances.

**Warnecke:** That is actually partially how we found you; that newspaper, I believe? Was from when you were in America.

**SCP-8291:** Is it, now?

**Warnecke:** But can you go into a bit more detail about what went on there. Anything specific? Anybody you wanted to meet?

**SCP-8291:** There was one lady, a remarkable woman named Edith-

**Piedmonte:** Sorry, sorry. Do you just- mind if I butt in for a second.

**SCP-8291:** Not at all.

**Piedmonte:** I have... Well, let's put it blunt. You know that we've been trying to track you down for a while.

**SCP-8291:** From my understanding, you gave up and only found me because of Amelia.

**Piedmonte:** Ahem. Yes. But then some of my superiors are really curious about what you were doing, how you were evading us-

**SCP-8291:** Are you not a director? Who may these superiors be?

**Piedmonte:** I don't think I can disclose that.

**SCP-8291:** Uh huh?

**Piedmonte:** But - and let's stay on topic here - do you have any explanation for what specifically you did to get away from us?

**SCP-8291:** Now now, why would I give up my secrets?

**Piedmonte:** It's a matter of safety - *global* safety. If there are anomalous entities such as yourself-

**SCP-8291:** Entities?

**Piedmonte:** -who are roaming around in a place where we can't find them and they turn out to be dangerous, there is a clear risk to lives. People could die. Do you want to risk that over a bit of pride, here?

**SCP-8291:** If I'm being honest, I just walked away.

**Piedmonte:** You just walked?

**SCP-8291:** You never seemed to find me.

**Piedmonte:** I'm not buying that.

**Warnecke:** Look.

**Piedmonte:** Not- now, Amelia. 

**SCP-8291:** I'd love to hear what she has to ask. Are you two not co-researchers?

**Piedmonte:** She's had so much time already to ask questions on her own. I just want to ask one simple question.

**SCP-8291:** And that, I already answered.

**Piedmonte:** You and me both know you were being sarcastic.

**Warnecke:** Ed-

**Piedmonte:** *Piedmonte*, but go ahead.

**Warnecke:** Follow this up later. We need to get moving.

*Piedmonte stares at Warnecke.*

**Piedmonte:** I'm sorry?

**SCP-8291:** Mister Piedmonte. Do you have further questions?

**Piedmonte:** I do. But is there really a point in asking them when you refuse to answer the first?

**SCP-8291:** Then is there really a point in remaining here?

**Warnecke:** Alright, alright. Orlando has already stated that she has to leave for an event later. We shouldn't waste time here. 

**Piedmonte:** She is very clearly the only one interested in wasting time!

**Warnecke:** Okay! Okay. But shall we just proceed?

**SCP-8291:** I'd be happy to move on to different questions.

*Piedmonte stares at SCP-8291.*

**Piedmonte:** One more question-

**SCP-8291:** Yes?

**Piedmonte:** And I will need you to be truthful with this one: How much has your life and journeys been shaped by the fact that you aren't really a real woman?

*Silence*

**SCP-8291:** What?

**Piedmonte:** It's just-

**SCP-8291:** No, *what* do you mean by that?

**Piedmonte:** You were born a man, and seemingly suddenly became a woman overnight. What bearing did that have on you? I mean I believe it must be a hard weight and all that your body - according to my best guess - seemingly changed who you are one day with a flip of a switch.

**SCP-8291:** ...

**Warnecke:** Edward-

**Piedmonte:** Piedmonte.

**Warnecke:** I-

**Piedmonte:** Let 8291 answer. I am genuinely curious.

**SCP-8291:** Yeah, I am terribly sorry - but that event is coming up soon. I will be leaving to get prepared.

**Piedmonte:** Seriously?

**SCP-8291:** Yes.

**Piedmonte:** What kind of interrogation is that?! I only got two words out! I mean-

*SCP-8291 stands up and prepares to leave the room.*

**Piedmonte:** Sit down.

**SCP-8291:** Farewell.

*SCP-8291 leaves the room. Piedmonte tries to follow her, but as soon as he turns around the door SCP-8291 is gone. He raises a radio to his mouth.*

**Piedmonte:** Attention all active personnel, SCP-8291 is roaming around the site. If you see it, try to subdue if possible-

*Warnecke shuts off the camera.* 

@@ @@

Ms. Amelia Warnecke,

This email is in regards to the recurring issues of insubordination, insecurity, and lack of focus that you demonstrate within your research. Not only have you constantly failed to consult your co-researcher, but you routinely defied direct instructions based on no evidence beyond your 'gut'. Your mishandling of this anomaly has potentially caused irreparable harm, and resulted in our waiting teams being unable to capture SCP-8291 for containment.

Throughout this entire research project, you have clearly allowed your emotions to interfere with your work, and as a result, let an anomaly escape containment. I am disappointed in you, and how you acted .

To ensure that this does not happen again, moving forward, you are banned from contacting SCP-8291 in any form. Under no circumstances should you communicate with them, meet with them, or collude against the Foundation's efforts; any evidence found that you are breaking employee expectations again will result in major disciplinary action. Any attempts by SCP-8291 to contact you must be logged, and reported to myself, and the supervisory team here at 44.

Remember, Amelia, I'm doing this because you don't know any better yet.

One day, you will look back at this and thank me.

@@ @@

*The following phone call was captured by Foundation surveillance teams monitoring Researcher Amelia Warnecke. It was not communicated to Director Piedmonte, as Researcher Warnecke was still assigned as a co-researcher, and has complete authorization to continue said research.*

---

*Recording Starts*

**Warnecke:** *Pause.* Hello?

**SCP-8291:** I was afraid you were screening my calls, following the kerfuffle once mister Piedmonte arrived. I hope that my disappearing act didn't harm your career.

**Warnecke:** You're fine. I don't think there is anything else I can do to ruin my career, as far as Piedmonte is concerned.

**SCP-8291:** Oh? Has something changed since we last spoke?

**Warnecke:** Something like that. It's... complicated. It would take too long to explain over the phone.

**SCP-8291:** Ah. Perhaps over lunch, then? As it is, I have all the time in the world to hear the story.

*Researcherr Warnecke is silent, excluding sounds later identified as fingernails being bitten.*

**Warnecke:** Fuck it, let's do it.

**SCP-8291:** Wonderful news! In that case, would you like to mee--

**Warnecke:** One second, Orlando.

**SCP-8291:** Is something the matter?

**Warnecke:** Write this down. ███-███-████. Hang up, and call me back there.

**SCP-8291:** Ah, I understand. Your pigeon is being intercepted. Very well, I will talk to you again, shortly.

*End Recording*

Note: Are you reading this Piedmonte? Good. I do know better, and I am going to do as I see fit ~~ and when I'm done, you are right. One day, I am going to look back at this ~~ and I will know that this was the right choice for me. And when I do, I'll make sure you know exactly what your mentorship meant to me.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**Recovered Recording: Improper Procedural Interview**

*The following interview was conducted by Researcher Warnecke without authorization, and was recovered by Foundation surveillance teams after the fact.*

---

*Footage shows a cafe, located near Site-44. There is nobody in the seat opposite the camera-holder.*

**Warnecke:** And now, all I do is wai--

**SCP-8291:** I hope you haven't been waiting long.

*SCP-8291 appears, and sits down opposite Warnecke. SCP-8291 offers a kind smile.*

**Warnecke:** Not at all -- I actually, do you mind if I record this? It won't go into the actual document, since technically, I shouldn't be here; I know that your willingness to work with me and, by extension, the Foundation, is probably waning, so I understand if you say no.

**SCP-8291:** They have truly put you in an impossible situation, haven't they?

*A waiter passes by, and both watch him with caution. Nothing happens.*

**Warnecke:** ...Yeah. Orlando, they really have.

**SCP-8291:** Would you like to talk about that?

**Warnecke:** Not really. Not yet, at least. Do you mind if we pick up from when Piedmonte interrupted our interview?

**SCP-8291:** I do not mind in the slightest. Remind me, you had asked about...

**Warnecke:** Your activities this past century.

**SCP-8291:** Ah, yes. I believe I had mentioned a companion--

**Warnecke:** Edith, right? I looked up the name, but there were so many that--

**SCP-8291:** Even had you her last, that would not change. Edith was a shade, in truth; sometimes I feel as though I am the only one to remember her. At least -- the only one to remember who she truly was.

**Warnecke:** You were close, then?

**SCP-8291:** [Yes, we were close](The Widows). But, of course, at the time, it was improper and it wouldn't be accepted had we been seen in public; the truth of the matter, as with all things regarding my life, is overly complicated and rather obnoxious, no matter how eloquent or poetic it may be.

**Warnecke:** So? What happened to Edith? It seems as though you two were ve--

**SCP-8291:** As happens with all things, save for myself, life is finite, as is the time we spent together.

**Warnecke:** Oh.

*Warnecke pauses, and takes a sip of her drink.*

**Warnecke:** How do you handle that? You know, losing people? Moving on from something?

**SCP-8291:** I must admit, Amelia: in truth, I do not know. In my hundreds of years of life, that has eluded me. I would much rather remain amidst the hazy existence of sleep, but alas, humanity was made to suffer. And I have known suffering, for so long, that I know this -- it is part of being alive.

**Warnecke:** That's bleak.

**SCP-8291:** *Waves her off.* Even the palest of greys contains a multitude of depth.

**Warnecke:** How... sorry, this isn't about you anymore, can I ask you a personal question?

**SCP-8291:** All questions are personal. *Pause.* Of course you may ask, I am an open book to *you*.

**Warnecke:** How did you... you've been a woman, or at least, appearing as one, for a long time now. I can't imagine that things were great before, but -- how do you deal with your labor just being...

**SCP-8291:** Deemed lesser?

**Warnecke:** Taken from you.

**SCP-8291:** Ah. Am I right in assuming that this is regarding more than simple plagiarism? Perhaps, this might even refer to a certain individual whom I know we both have a *lengthy* opinion regarding?

**Warnecke:** *Laughing.* Yes, I do believe we are talking about the same person.

**SCP-8291:** In that case, yes. I have dealt with many a man who firmly believes that one's gender is the foremost defining trait a person can have. I have argued with bigots anon, and in all cases, have found one commonality: each was afraid.

**Warnecke:** Scared? I doubt Piedmonte is scared of me.

**SCP-8291:** Fear takes many forms, Amelia. Yes, fear is often shown through cowardice, avoidance or weakness; but a man is told that he cannot show weakness. He is raised to see fear as a falsehood, rather than something that you should listen to. They have, through this warped meaning of fear, changed how they show it. Or, put simply, the ways they negate your labour, the ways they undercut your abilities, the repeated attempts at control: that is just a man, attempting to show that he is afraid.

**Warnecke:** All men?

**SCP-8291:** Just those who could never survive being a woman.

*The two share a knowing smile, as SCP-8291 leans back in its chair.*

**Warnecke:** Thank you. I... I needed to know that it wasn't just me. I needed to hear it from somebody else, you know?

**SCP-8291:** I do. I have been where you are before, and no matter what is said about you; continue to move forward. They will dwell on you, while you grow; let their spite feed you.

**Warnecke:** Th-- Thanks. Again. I mean it.

**SCP-8291:** Oh! That reminds me, on the topic of thanks--

*SCP-8291 turns around, and removes a leather hardcover book from their bag.*

**SCP-8291:** This is for you.

*Warnecke takes the book, and begins to turn it over.*

**Warnecke:** What? What is this?

**SCP-8291:** If I recall, you had expressed a desire to--

**Warnecke:** *The Oak Tree*? But, this looks nothing like the printings that I have ever--

**SCP-8291:** That is because it is not a printing. This was a personal copy, made in a set, long ago; I gave them as gifts to those who mattered to me most, those who had helped me out, and those who I wanted to see flourish.

**Warnecke:** I can't accept this, Orlando. I'm researching you, and as much as this would help, I can't take advantage--

**SCP-8291:** Accepting a gift, freely offered, is not 'taking advantage', nor do you have any recourse to reject this gift.

**Warnecke:** You just met me. I'm not somebody who deserves this from you, not after all the trouble I've caused. Not if they never leave you alone after this.

**SCP-8291:** I have my ways of disappearing, that is not a concern. Just as the trouble is not bothersome; you, Amelia, have reminded me about that which matters. You are more than deserving.

**Warnecke:** How can I thank you?

**SCP-8291:** Remember this, and take the inscription to heart. That is all the thanks I need.

---

*The inscription, located on the title page of the book reads: 'Do not let those who fail to understand who you are explain what you can or cannot do. Trust yourself.'*

*Researcher Warnecke enters the Site-44 storage locker and walks to the front desk. On her side is a bag.*

**Bernard:** Amy! Good to see you're around here again.

**Warnecke:** Yeah - though this time's just going to be a quick visit.

**Bernard:** All cool.

*Warnecke produces a paper note from her bag, as well as the copy of The Oak Tree.*

**Bernard:** Are things smoothing over with you and Piedmonte?

**Warnecke:** Would I be here if they weren't?

*Bernard laughs.*

**Bernard:** So you're free to go back to Orlando's case?

**Warnecke:** We'll see.

*Warnecke reads the paper note, briefly, then sets it down on the table before she picks up the book and looks at the cover.*

**Bernard:** Huh, what's that?

**Warnecke:** Just a book one of my friends gave me.

**Bernard:** What's it's title?

**Warnecke:** *The Oak Tree.*

**Bernard:** Hm. What's it about?

**Warnecke:** Haven't really figured that out yet.

**Bernard:** Well hope it's a fun read.

**Warnecke:** Yeah.

*Warnecke puts the book back in her bag and closes it.*

**Bernard:** So what can I help you with?

**Warnecke:** I was just interested in a section of notes related to Greene and wanted to look into them.

**Bernard:** Yeah, sure. Just tell me the section.

@@ @@

With immediate effect and action, I am removing you from the 8291 case. You directly disobeyed my orders and went about contacting an anomaly without any team to back you up, or any team to contain said anomaly. You are incredibly lucky that I am rational, and am simply assuming that the anomaly has some sort of memetic effect on you - because if not, then you clearly show an error in judgement that borders on outright treason to the Foundation and a threat to your operations.

It is clear that you can not keep working with 8291, as your mental facilities do not seem capable enough to resist it. Furthermore, I am calling into question your ability to continue working in Site-44 as a matter of safety and simple security. You let SCP-8291 know the exact location of our sight, and should the anomaly attempt to break into the sight I worry that you may attempt to aid its assault.

There are even grounds to call for outright removal from the Foundation, or detainment. And yet, because I am reasonable, I have elected instead to merely remove you from the sight as a security hazard. After careful deliberation, I have elected you to be transferred to Site-43, as I believe their primary focus their is cognitive and mental studies. Hopefully, such a site can assist with whatever effect SCP-8291 has had on your emotions.

I do sincerely hope you recover.

 

**Final Addendum:** Updated File

= ***Note:** I am making major adjustments to the file as needed following the reassignment of a former SCP-8291 researcher. In order to remove clutter from the page and reduce my workload, much of the documents related to it have been rerouted and hidden, while a new file has been written in haste to replace it. It is to go unedited without my express permission.*

**Item #:** SCP-8291

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** All public records of SCP-8291 are to be scrubbed, and any facts or discoveries attributed to SCP-8291 are to be reattributed to notable poets and scholars of the era. All Foundation employees are forbidden from interacting with SCP-8291, in any capacity; any reported sightings are logged, and investigated by armed MTF agents, to recover the anomaly.

**Description:** SCP-8291 is a non-aging male human, having undergone an anomalous event causing their body to appear as if they were female; SCP-8291 is historically known as 'Orlando'. All statements given by SCP-8291 are considered unreliable, based on a historical record of SCP-8291 manipulating those who exhibit traits such as suggestibility, social anxiety, or 'otherness'. To ensure that SCP Foundation staff are not compromised, all additions to this file must be authorized by Director Piedmonte.

<< [SCP-8290](SCP-8290) | SCP-8291 | [SCP-8292](SCP-8292) >>

=====

**Name:** Orlando on her return to England

**License:** Public Domain

**Author:** Leonard George Green

**Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Orlando_on_her_return_to_England.png

=====

**Name:** Orlando as Ambassador.png

**License:** Public Domain

**Author:** Robert Walker

**Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Orlando_as_Ambassador.png

=====
