@import url(https://scp-sandbox-3.wikidot.com/theme:joshua-tree/code/1);

**SCP-8336:** A Mosquito's Song

***written by*** incrediblywackycat

//Swallow and chew

Eat you alive

All of us food that hasn't died//

‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ ‎ - **Queens of The Stone Age**

**Item #:** SCP-8336

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** Relevant footage is to be stored within the Site-243 databank for safekeeping.

**Description:** SCP-8336 refers to the anomalous sequence of events leading up to the death of Site-243 Director Jackie Barker. 

On March 31, 2009, Barker engaged in a Foundation-related phone call while driving through his hometown of Glen Avon, California. Only an hour later, at 4:18 PM, a report was filed to local authorities concerning a bloodied human corpse lying in the streets of northeastern Sunnyslope, less than five miles from Barker's previous location.

Almost immediately, Foundation personnel identified the corpse to be of Director Barker, with the only item of significance still found on his person being a disconnected dashboard camera; the location of his car was never ascertained. Postmortem examinations revealed an "immensely irregular amount of both internal and external hemorrhaging," despite no visible lacerations, punctures, or fractures.

Beyond this incident, all other traces of SCP-8336 were only established in the recovered dashboard footage of Barker's drive.

‎‎ 

**Addendum:** An edited transcript of the aforementioned evidence has been included below.

> = **( *Begin Log* - *Section A* )**

> ~~-~~-

> The camera faces the front windshield, where dry suburban streets can be seen cast under harsh sunlight.

> 

> **16:00:00** | [Music plays from car radio, slightly muffled].*Queens of the Stone Age* - *3's & 7's*

> 

> **16:00:17** | (Barker can be heard faintly humming.)

> 

> **16:00:44** | [Music fades]

> 

> **16:00:46** | *Rock in the empire! Good afternoon on 96.7 KCAL Rocks, today we are nearing the two-year anniversary of that latest album from*— (Barker selects another station.)

> 

> **16:00:52** | *...tu cara de felicida*—.*Enrique Iglesias* - *¿Dónde Están Corazón?* (Barker selects another station.)

>  

> **16:00:55** | *...a million hills, I must've died alone...*.*Nirvana* - *The Man Who Sold the World* [Music continues]

> 

> **16:01:01** | (Barker idly mumbles the lyrics to himself as he turns left at an empty, uncontrolled intersection.)

> 

> **16:01:21** | (Abruptly, Barker turns silent.)

> 

> **16:01:29** | (He slows the car to a halt. The street ahead appears perfectly innocuous, although devoid of people.)

> 

> **16:01:35** | "What the...?"

> 

> Further analysis reveals that every suburban home past the intersection completely differs from its usual geographical equivalent.

> 

> **16:01:36** | *...with the man who s*—... [Music cuts entirely]

> 

> **16:01:39** | "Wh... Wha—"

> 

> **16:01:40** | *Psst.*

> 

> **16:01:41** | (An abrasive, high-pitched buzz fills the car.)

> 

> **16:01:42** | (Barker can be heard gasping an indistinct expletive.)

> 

> **16:01:43** | (A single shade of deep crimson consumes everything in frame.)

> ~~-~~-

> = **( *Begin Log* - *Section B* )**

> ~~-~~-

> Footage immediately cuts forward by precisely a minute, removing all prior hints of crimson. The car has not moved. It is uncertain whether Barker has experienced the gap in time.

> 

> **16:02:43** | "...God..."

> 

> **16:02:43** | [Buzzing]

> 

> The radio continues to broadcast the aforementioned noise, but at a much softer volume.

> 

> **16:02:43** | "...What the hell is—"

> 

> **16:02:43** | *Rock in the empire! Good afternoon on 24.3 NSECT Rocks, the ultimate hot-spot for the hottest rock music around!* [Distorted cheering]

> 

> It sounds like an old man trying to imitate the voice of someone much more youthful and energetic.

> 

> **16:02:43** | "Hello!? Who—... 24.3? That's not even a damn valid frequency."

> 

> **16:02:43** | *That last song was only a sweet taste of today's platter! Next up is*—

> 

> **16:02:43** | "Stop! Stop. What's your issue with me?"

> 

> **16:02:43** | *...*

> 

> **16:02:43** | "You're referencing Site-243, aren't you? Why?"

> 

> **16:02:43** | *...*

> 

> **16:02:43** | [Distorted applause]

> 

> Without warning, the car begins moving forward, presumably against Barker's control.

> 

> **16:02:43** | "Oh—... Really!?"

> 

> **16:02:43** | [Abrasive laugh track, looped]

> 

> **16:02:43** | "What do you want? Just TELL me!" (Muffled by laugh track.)

> 

> **16:02:43** | (Barker can be heard fumbling with the door handle, vigorously striking against the driver window. His breathing becomes stilted.)

> 

> **16:02:43** | "F-Fuck... Can you at least quit the damn noise?" (Muffled by laugh track.)

> 

> **16:02:43** | [Laughing fades]

> 

> **16:02:43** | "Please, just...identify yourself."

> 

> **16:02:43** | *...*

> 

> **16:02:43** | "Please."

> 

> **16:02:43** | *...*

> 

> **16:02:43** | *Isn't this weather nice?*

> 

> **16:02:43** | "This...weather?"

> 

> The unswerving road ahead is smothered in blinding heat. An end can't be seen.

> 

> **16:02:43** | *Yep...* (It laughs, wryly.)

> 

> **16:02:43** | [Buzzing]

> 

> **16:02:43** | "...Who are you?"

> 

> **16:02:43** | *The Mosquito.*

> 

> **16:02:43** | (Radio shuts off.)

> 

> **16:02:43** | "...What?"

> 

> **16:02:43** | "Are—... Are you serious? Are you fucking serious? You're already leaving me here!? You fucking worthless piece of...!"

> 

> Barker turns quiet. 

> 

> **16:02:43** | "...W-What the hell am I supposed to...do...?"

> 

> The car continues onwards.

> ~~-~~-

> = **( *Begin Log* - *Section C* )**

> ~~-~~-

> Forty minutes elapse. Barker is alone.

> 

> **16:02:43** | "..."

> 

> **16:02:43** | *Rock in the empire! Good afternoon on 24.3 NSECT Rocks, the ultimate hot-spot for the hottest rock music around!*

> 

> **16:02:43** | "...Hello?"

> 

> **16:02:43** | *Down here in the oh-so-dry desert valley, we're here for you. Get your blood pumping with 3's & 7's, Queens of the Stone Age!*

> 

> **16:02:43** | "Agai—"

> 

> **16:02:43** | [Piercingly loud garbled static]

> 

> **16:02:43** | "—n! Oh, fuck OFF!"

> 

> **16:02:43** | (Barker angrily strikes the dashboard radio.)

> 

> **16:02:43** | [Distorted laugh track]

> 

> **16:02:43** | *Ah, I thought you loved that song?*

> 

> **16:02:43** | "This doesn't—..."

> 

> **16:02:43** | "..."

> 

> **16:02:43** | *I only exemplified your favorite parts!*

>  

> **16:02:43** | "...Where are you taking me? This obviously isn't normal Glen Avon. The houses, they've been... They've been getting more...wrong? I don't even..."

> 

> **16:02:43** | *The destination doesn't matter! It's about the trip and what you learn.*

> 

> **16:02:43** | "I'm... I'm basically just a fucking office manager. What possible reason could you have to target me specifically? You're interested in the Foundation, aren't you? Can't you go shit on someone more important?"

> 

> **16:02:43** | *Hm.*

> 

> **16:02:43** | *Check your right hand.*

> 

> **16:02:43** | "Huh...?"

> 

> **16:02:44** | (There is an abrupt splatter of crimson across the internal windshield. For a brief moment, Barker can be heard screaming while writhing in his seat.)

> 

> **16:02:44** | *...you—... unfold—... with every mistake—...*.*The Beatles* - *While My Guitar Gently Weeps* [Warped music]

> 

> **16:02:44** | [Distorted laughter and applause, overlapped]

> 

> **16:02:44** | (Footage cuts ahead.)

> ~~-~~-

> = **( *Begin Log* - *Section D* )**

> ~~-~~-

> The amount of time passed is uncertain. Rather than an endless suburban street, the horizon now vaguely resembles the Colorado desert. Pristine houses are replaced with destitute wreckage. The red stain remains fresh.

> 

> **16:02:44** | (Barker can be heard groaning.)

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...Please..."

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...God..."

> 

> **16:02:44** | *Shouldn't you know not to take your anger out on those around you?*

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...Just—...urghh..."

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...Just shut up..."

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...it hurts..."

> 

> **16:02:44** | [Buzzing]

> 

> **16:02:44** | *Hmm.*

> 

> **16:02:44** | *Learnt anything yet?*

> 

> **16:02:44** | "..."

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...Fuck you."

> 

> **16:02:44** | *Ah.*

> 

> **16:02:44** | [Buzzing] 

> 

> Both voices linger in silence as the drive persists. The glaring sun hovers only slightly within view.

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...Do you want me to give you something of value? Is that what you fucking want? Or, am I just here to get tortured for no damn reason?"

> 

> **16:02:44** | *Neither.*

> 

> **16:02:44** | "Right, of course..." (He scoffs, weakly.)

> 

> **16:02:44** | *You know there's a reason, Barker.*

> 

> **16:02:44** | "I—... What?"

> 

> **16:02:44** | *You should've stopped lying after today's phone call.*

> 

> **16:02:44** | (An intense clatter overtakes all other audio. The entire frame shakes, and a flood of viscous crimson pours down the external windshield. It is raining from above.)

> 

> **16:02:44** | (The noise is deafening. Footage darkens.) 

> 

> Within seconds, the interior is ridden of all natural light. Audio returns to clarity.

> 

> **16:02:44** | (Barker can be heard hyperventilating in distress.)

> 

> **16:02:44** | *You proclaim yourself as so deeply unimportant, until that status no longer benefits you. Isn't that right?*

> 

> **16:02:44** | *Isn't that right, Barker?*

> 

> Its voice, aged and rusty, is no longer putting up any imitation.

> 

> **16:02:44** | "S-Shit—... Please, ple—..."

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...ghh..."

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...Who—"

> 

> **16:02:44** | *The Mosquito. Didn't I already say?*

> 

> **16:02:44** | *Although, even if I didn't say, you know who I am.*

> 

> **16:02:44** | *You're a religious man, after all.*

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...No..."

> 

> **16:02:44** | "...N...No, no, no—... pl—... plea—..."

> 

> **16:02:44** | *...let me in, the voice cried softly...*.*Slint* - *Good Morning, Captain* [Music]

> 

> **16:02:44** | (The glass begins to crack. Barker is unable to muster any words of meaning.)

> 

> **16:02:44** | *This is my song just for you.*

> 

> **16:02:44** | [Unintelligible]

> 

> **16:02:44** | (Footage cuts ahead.)

> ~~-~~-

> = **( *Begin Log* - *Section D.1* )**

> ~~-~~-

> **24:00:01** | [Loud squelching]

> 

> **24:00:02** | (Dozens of separate voices can be heard talking over each other. No words are intelligible.)

> 

> **24:00:05** | (Footage cuts ahead.)

> ~~-~~-

> = **( *Begin Log* - *Section E* )**

> ~~-~~-

> Sunlight has returned. Unmoving, the car sits right afloat a vast, unending sea of blood. The windshield is fully intact.

> 

> **16:03:00** | "..."

> 

> All is quiet.

> 

> **16:03:00** | [Buzzing]

> 

> **16:03:00** | "..."

> 

> **16:03:00** | *You thought you were clever, Barker. Pulling off a scheme like that.*

> 

> **16:03:00** | *Beating an innocent man a little too severely, and then blaming some made-up boogieman beyond explanation.*

> 

> **16:03:00** | *Wasn't it nice, hiding in your little town, while his body was dissected by strangers in medical attire? Cut open to find something that doesn't exist?*

> 

> **16:03:00** | "I..."

> 

> **16:03:00** | *You shouldn't have stopped believing in hell.*

> 

> **16:03:00** | "..."

> 

> **16:03:00** | (Barker can be heard faintly crying.)

> 

> **16:03:00** | *Well...*

> 

> **16:03:00** | *I hope you've learned something.*

> 

> **16:03:00** | *See you soon, Jackie Barker.*

> 

> **16:03:00** | (Radio shuts off.)

> 

> **16:03:02** | "..."

> 

> **16:03:15** | "...I'm..."

> 

> **16:03:20** | "..."

> 

> **16:03:27** | "...I'm sorry."

> 

> **16:03:40** | "..."

> 

> **16:03:51** | (Footage ends.)

> ~~-~~-

‎ 

**Aftermath:** [REDACTED]

Following this discovery, the family of Researcher Moore were given monetary compensation, in part funded directly by Site-243 staff.

The position of Site-243 Director was swiftly refilled on April 5, 2009..[View supplementary documents?](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/8336-external-addendum)

‎

<< [SCP-8335](SCP-8335) | SCP-8336 | [SCP-8337](SCP-8337) >>
