**Item #:** SCP-8051

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The land surrounding SCP-8051 has been purchased by a Foundation front company, and a security perimeter established. No civilians are to be allowed access to SCP-8051, and neither instance of SCP-8051-1 are to be allowed to leave. No open flames are permitted within the vicinity of SCP-8051.

A research station has been set up on-site to facilitate investigation.

**Description:** SCP-8051 is a three-story manor house located near the village of Lerry, England. 

The building and all objects within it are composed entirely from woven thread, including the walls and foundations. Despite the issues such a construction would normally encounter, SCP-8051 shows no signs of structural instability. Any damage inflicted to SCP-8051 will regenerate over the course of two to three minutes, with new material appearing where required.

SCP-8051 is host to two humanoid entities, hereafter referred to as SCP-8051-1A and SCP-8051-1B.

SCP-8051-1A and SCP-8051-1B resemble a human male and female of advanced age respectively, but inspection shows that they are also composed entirely of thread. The origin of these entities is as of yet unknown, but they will spontaneously materialize in a closet on the third floor of SCP-8051. Upon materialization, the entities proceed to their preferred location within the house and remain there for as long as possible.

Inevitably, however, the SCP-8051-1 entities will suffer some form of accidental damage shortly after materialization. This superficial damage will then slowly spread and exacerbate until the entity completely disintegrates into its base components. Evidence suggests this process is painful. Attempts have been made to prevent this accidental damage by restraining the instance, but this has caused said accidental damage in every case.

Two to three hours following destruction, a new instance of the destroyed SCP-8051-1 instance will materialize in the upstairs closet.

No records of SCP-8051's existence prior to 2023 have been found. A family portrait sewn into the wall of the main foyer identifies the SCP-8051-1 entities as 'Henry and Eleanor Cotton'. No trace of these individuals existing has been found, save for a fostering application filed in the year 1870.

---

## **Addendum 8051-1 (SCP-8051-1 Behavioural Patterns)**

Following materialization, the SCP-8051-1 entities display distinct and consistent patterns in behaviour.

SCP-8051-1A, 'Eleanor Cotton', will without exception retreat to the bedroom on the third floor and assume the fetal position on the floor. It will not vocalize or acknowledge the presence of any other individuals, but analysis of facial expressions and body language suggest a constant state of anxiety. Presumably, it behaves in this manner in an attempt to avoid suffering damage and the disintegration that follows. 

It is not successful.

SCP-8051-1B, 'Henry Cotton', will proceed towards the sitting room on the first floor of SCP-8051 upon materialization. If it reaches this room alive, it will then sit down in an armchair, face the unlit fireplace, and continuously vocalize until disintegration. Like SCP-8051-1A, it does not acknowledge the presence of other individuals -- its speech consists of a perpetual and variably coherent stream of consciousness. The majority of this speech is an entreaty to an unidentified entity it believes to be responsible for its current status, attempting to convince it to release SCP-8051-1B.

Again, it is not successful.

Samples of SCP-8051-1B's speech are included below:

> *"There are things you have to do. Things you have to... in your grandfather's time, you're aware, you have to be aware of the weight on your back, the -- the* weight *of it on your back. There's legacy there and that's important. It's the most important thing. Perhaps even the most important thing. It doesn't keep itself together. It's up to you. It's up to you to keep it together."*

> *"It wasn't even my idea. That's... it's the unfairness of it, to me, that makes it so unconscionable.* Un-con-sci-o-na-ble. *That's right. We have standards to these things. There's a... there's a ranking there. There's legacy. You have to -- you have to consider the legacy, the burden, when passing... when you're making a decision like that. Why won't you listen? Why won't you listen?!"*

> *"I mean... nobody even wanted them anyway."*

> *"This is my house! My house! Do you hear me?! No! You can't do that! It's not... it's not! It's* my *house! Legacy!* Legacy! *Do you even understand what that means?! Don't touch it! You can't touch it, it's mine -- and it's not* fucking *cheap! There were* circumstances, *goddamnit!"*

> "*For the love of god*!"

---

## **Addendum 8051-2 (Tertiary Anomaly)**

During materialization of SCP-8051-1A, research staff on-site noted a mild tremor through the grounds of SCP-8051. Monitoring equipment was installed and confirmed that, on each occasion a new SCP-8051-1 instance materializes, there is a shifting in the structure of the soil throughout the surrounding area. 

During one of these events, ground-penetrating radar confirmed the spontaneous formation of multiple unusually shaped air pockets beneath SCP-8051. These air pockets were observed to move around beneath the house briefly before collapsing upon completed materialization of SCP-8051-1. These pockets would appear to be the cause of the observed tremors.

While this has not yet been confirmed, analysis of the shapes of these air pockets suggests the presence of numerous tiny humanoids, crawling through the earth.

<< [SCP-8050](SCP-8050) | SCP-8051 | [SCP-8052](SCP-8052) >>
