**Item #:** SCP-8857

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Employees who believe themselves to be host to one or more SCP-8857 instances should alert local containment teams and attempt to remain calm.

All living instances of SCP-8857 are to be kept in a sealed vivarium. The interior conditions within are to be kept at 36 degrees Celsius with a humidity of no less than 95%. No further environmental accommodations are required.

For ease of maintenance, this vivarium is to be kept within a hermetically sealed room, accessed only by decontamination airlock. The walls, floor and ceiling of this room are to be matte black, and both conventional and UV lighting is to be installed.

Once every 48 hours, instances of SCP-8857 are to be counted, catalogued and fed. Should the number of instances fall below 100, additional instances are to be introduced using previously obtained frozen eggs. Should the number exceed this, excess instances are to be removed and incinerated.

Feeding of SCP-8857 is to be performed by D-7638. D-7638 is to remain alone within the containment room and release the SCP-8857 instances from the vivarium. They will follow their standard feeding protocol, after which D-7638 is to locate and return any instances which do not relocate to the vivarium once feeding is complete.D-7638 remains the sole volunteer to perform this duty. His listed reason for doing so is a history of chronic sinus headaches.

Following a successful feeding, D-7638 is to be medically examined for signs of remaining instances of SCP-8857 within their sinus cavities, throat or other probable locations. Any instances located are to be returned, and any eggs located are to be cryogenically frozen to insure long-term population stability.

**Description:** SCP-8857 is a species of anomalous arthropods that superficially resemble the class Chilopoda. Individual instances are between 8 and 10 millimeters in length, possess 47 legs, and are pale yellow in color. They fluoresce slightly under UV light, which can be used to identify escaped instances.

SCP-8857 has no documented harmful interactions with humans, despite the sensitive areas that instances access as part of their natural feeding procedure. They are non-poisonous and while toxic, the toxin SCP-8857 instances create only acts as a weak local anesthetic and anti-inflammatory agent.

However, instances of SCP-8857 produce intense, non-anomalous fear in the majority of human subjects due to their feeding behaviors.

SCP-8857 require specific human fluids and enzymes in order to sustain themselves. They do not possess any other dietary or metabolic needs, and act with extremely sophisticated behavior towards acquiring their sustenance. Instances that are feeding will identify and climb humans in an attempt to enter their nasal cavity or mouth. Once there, they will infiltrate the sinus cavity and begin feeding on excess mucus, debris and benign (or malicious) growths. This process is described as "deeply disturbing," but produces no measurable physical harm to subjects.

SCP-8857 instances possess an anomalous means of determining viable candidates for feeding, ignoring those of the incorrect species even if introduced directly into the nasal cavities of subjects.

Humans with insufficient nourishment are ignored unless SCP-8857 instances are extremely malnourished, in which case feeding may become unnaturally extended.

Once they finish feeding, in 27% of cases SCP-8857 will lay eggs within the sinus cavity. In 8-12 hours, these hatch into new instances of the species that reach maturity within 4 hours.SCP-8857 instances appear to reproduce parthenogenically.

Instances typically depart after consuming all available nourishment within a human host, and remain only when their population exceeds certain bounds or malnourishment threatens.

Attempts to remove SCP-8857 should be performed by trained medical staff. Do not attempt to remove SCP-8857 instances from the sinus cavity unaided. Please be advised that all documented long-term harm related to SCP-8857 is due to attempts to extract SCP-8857 without medical aid.

<< [SCP-8856](SCP-8856) | SCP-8857 | [SCP-8858](SCP-8858) >>
