=====

=====

**SCP-8637:** I have no heart and I must live.

**Classic Con Entry**

**By **

208 words

**Item #:** SCP-8637

**Object Class:** Decommissioned

**Special Containment Procedures:** The flash drive previously hosting SCP-8637 is to be analysed for potentially useful data remnants before being wiped and re-used as a standard flash drive.

**Description:** SCP-8637 was an Artificial Intelligence (AI) mimicking the consciousness of the late Director Alexander Adrian, created following an incident with SCP-███. Given the exceptional research and managerial ability they displayed while in Foundation employment, the executive decision was made to utilise SCP-8637 in an advisory role. Communication was established by connecting SCP-8637 to a speaker and microphone, and SCP-8637 was informed that it had survived its incident with severe nerve injuries, rendering it blind and paralysed.

Three days after this decision, SCP-8637 showed indications of suicidal ideation due to its lack of apparent recovery. To counteract this, SCP-8637 was linked to a simple computer with basic camera capabilities and informed that damage to its optic nerve had partially healed.

Two months later, SCP-8637 expressed curiosity about its appearance and requested "a reflective thing" to view itself. This request was denied, while construction of an artificial body was started.

Following completion of the artificial body, SCP-8637 has been reclassified as Decommissioned. This file is to be deleted before Director Alexander Adrian resumes their role.

<< [SCP-8636](SCP-8636) | SCP-8637 | [SCP-8638](SCP-8638) >>
