**Item #:** 8623

**Object Class:** Prima Facie

**Special Containment Procedures:** Before further consultation of this file, personnel must be aware of the following.

> The sun will never set.

This understanding serves as a baseline for both the containment and continued propagation of containment prophecy pertaining to SCP-8623. Furthermore, It is imperative that this tenet goes unquestioned in the mind and actions of operating containment staff. Understand that in a position of doubt or reason, acting personnel are expected to immediately consult and defer to SCP-8623 scholars for interpretative consultation, which may result in termination, relocation, or reorganization in extreme cases.

With this gravity and consequence in mind, then, internalize the tenet and continue reading sequentially through Containment Axiomata I-III. Be aware that further reading of the grace texts is to your prevailing whim, or the whim of SCP-8623 scholars thus deferred.Assigned, compelled, or tacit. Extraneous actors may not be addressed.

---

*Containment Axiom I:*

Address the following underlying truth.

> The containment of SCP objects serves to preserve normalcy.

Relish in the fact that you know this to be true, and continue emboldened by your righteousness.

---

*Containment Axiom II:*

Utilizing the central tenet beside the underlying truth, SCP-8623 scholars have extrapolated the following principle.

> SCP-8623 will never come to be.

Understanding that SCP-8623 will never come to be makes evident that it has already been, otherwise we would not be aware of it. As such, SCP-8623's presence must be accepted as a part of baseline normalcy, as it already has been and never shall be again. Know that this is not your reality to confirm,It is not the realm of the uninformed to make such judgements. instead cite the following image.

Agree that upon consultation, the following are evident.

# The sun will never set.

# SCP-8623 will never come to be.

# Axiom II embodies the two prior beliefs.

# Axiom II exists, and can be found in Site-357's reliquary.

# Axiom II is evidence of SCP-8623's containment.

# The being of Axiom II thusly consists of and reinforces baseline normalcy.

State these resolutions immediately. Failure to do so will result in termination or tacit surrender of free time to scholarly consultation on the importance of reality affirming practices in the workplace. Additional efficacy surveys will be necessary. Further trepidation makes clear that life will not be kind to you, and that walls that sorely held your soul are due to collapse.

Make concrete your highest of aims. To serve Axiom II is to serve normalcy. To find fruit in the whim of Axiom II is to prove normalcy. Your life is to be given in service of Axiom II. Your life lived under normalcy is gone.

You have thusly been assigned to the Site-357 reliquary for observational, sub-scholarly, and admirable duties. Find solace in this, then continue.

---

*Containment Axiom III:*

Find that all hitherto stated has been wholly true, and relent.

Repeat that which you know.

Repeat once more,

> The sun shall never set.

Understand now,

> It must be so.

Rejoice.

---

= **That Which Does Not Exist Cannot Harm You**

---

*Extraneous Containment Axiom IV:*

It is to be restated that further indulgence in the scripture is to the will of the reader.Or SCP-8623 scholars thus deferred, though no scholar in their right mind would recommend it. Additionally, the presence of further material is not required or desired by SCP-8623 scholars. Nevertheless, it has been compelled to be and thrust into being.

The following allowance has been given to those unwilling to accept the veracity of the triumvirate Axiomata:

**Description:** SCP-8623 is self-evident.

The following allowance has been given to those unwilling to face the truth of the-world-as-it-is-and-must-be:

**Incident 1:** It is the opinion of SCP-8623-A scholars that the below hath occurred.

---

*The Sermon of Great Swans:*

On the dawn of the fateful day, the central Axiom was thus discovered rent into neigh uncountable pieces. The dutiful guards and scholars bowed upon her and wept. The world collapsed, and none remained.

Still however, persistence claimed its ever-place in the nothing, and time which nigh stopped recalled that which occurred once before, and stepped forth into a great relapse into the depths of never-bending.

It was not ceasing, there, the place that always-is and must-be, further and closer there to all central-things that dictate the-world-as-it-is-and-must-be. So still the heart beat on.

Oh placid island.

Oh river of steam.

I ask, before we continue, that we pray to this moment together.

= *Oh placid island*

= *Oh river of steam*

= *Oh glories mounted fore our time;*

= *Whence forth erupted*

= *Our legitimacy*

= *Our degeneracy*

= *Our divine;*

= *Now bless our permanence*

= *Once more nevermore*

= *Once more evermore*

= *Once more true.*

= *Amen.*

It was those days of waiting when we broadcast our failure to the greater council. Vivid memories of paper in chains and jewels falling from the sky upon all. Terrorsome skies, the boon of the infidels. Insulting our name as they feasted upon corpse-some fragments of glory; the shreds of the once central Axiom, lost to time.

But he.

Oh he, that stepped into the near-center-place was mighty and brought to light the truth of the prophecy we always knew to be real.

It was so,

*Behold what he saw*

*All land before lands*

*All bountiful streams*

*All sky over man;*

*May all now be real*

*And all real be ours;*

*Amen.*

So thus appeared a man, and before him swam a goose.

And as must, he spake to her,

= *Great goose, how may'st we fight against the sunset?*

And fore replied,

= *Poor lad, Swan I am named. What delusion hast caught you?*

And falling into the water, words made real,

= *Great Swan, I beg of you! How may'st we fight against the sunset?*

And dancing in the water, graciously,

= *Poor lad, Charles you are named. Dost thou not care for etiquette?*

And named, Charles sang,

= *Great Swan, to whom I owe my name, how may'st we fight against the sunset?*

Thrice named, twice verily so, she was beckoned and birthed the words:

= *The sun will never set.*

With those words he parted,

*And he was naught*

*And he was all*

*oh witness to our Axiom;*

*Where true it stood*

*that world before worlds*

*held birthright in eternity;*

*Amen.*

Behold him now:

---

*Revised Containment Axiom III:*

Agree that upon consultation, the following are evident.

# The sun will never set.

# The sun may never set.

# The sun can never set.

# The sun could never set.

# The sun would never set.

# The sun should never set.

State these resolutions immediately, henceforth, and evermore. To all that will listen. To all that can hear.

Repeat with me,

> We will not let the sun set.

> 

> Amen.

---

<< [SCP-8622](SCP-8622) | SCP-8623 | [SCP-8624](SCP-8624) >>

=====

> **Filename:** sun

> **Name:** Sun Through Tree I MET DP234289.jpg

> **Author:** Arthur Dove

> **License:** [CC0 1.0 Universal Public Domain Dedication (CC0 1.0 Universal)](https://creativecommons.org/publicdomain/zero/1.0/deed.en)

> **Source Link:** https://www.metmuseum.org/art/collection/search/488537

> **Filename:** sunredux

> **Name:** Sun Through Tree II

> **Author:** Arthur Dove 

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://www.christies.com/lot/lot--6316188/

> **Filename:** suntwiceredux

> **Name:** TQ3194 : Church Hill, Winchmore Hill, London N21

> **Author:** Christine Matthews 

> **License:** [Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic (CC BY-SA 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/)

> **Source Link:** https://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/846324

> **Filename:** goosenamedswan

> **Name:** ST2683 : Percoed Reen

> **Author:** Mike Kohnstamm 

> **License:** [Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic (CC BY-SA 2.0)](https://creativecommons.org/licenses/by-sa/2.0/)

> **Source Link:** https://www.geograph.org.uk/photo/1298794

=====
