=====

=====

.info-container {

--barColour: #333333;

--linkColour: #FFF;

}

.staticTransition {

    background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/pseudogenesis-productions-hub/Vhs_Glitch-cropped-flipped.gif);

    background-position-x: center;

    background-clip: border-box;

    width: 100%;

    height: 4em;

    overflow: hidden;

    background-size: cover;

    padding: 0em 1em;

    margin-left: -1em;

}

**SCP-8184:** Backpedal: A Pseudogenesis Production

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains topics regarding animal death.

⚠️ content warning ↑

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8184 manifestations have no identifiable pattern. As such, web-crawlers are to continually track its venue and monitor its progression. Given the memetic properties of SCP-8184, civilians undergoing the experience believe it to be completely fictional. This belief is to be maintained through use of MTF Upsilon-33 ("Rushing Critics") to prevent an informational breach.**Agare:** Item is perceived as fictional, and therefore, containment is focused on the continued belief that all anomalous effects are 'part of the show'.

Instances of advertisements featuring SCP-8184 are to be nullified through countermemetics and/or confiscated. An example advert is included below for reference:

<details>
<summary>Show Cognitohazard?</summary>

 Backpedal 

@@ @@

 A performance that'll have you coming back. Something you won't ever forget.

@@ @@

 Limited Engagement Only. Tickets available at venue. 

</details>

---

**Description:** SCP-8184 is the anomalous theatre experience known as 'Backpedal', concocted by GoI-478 (["Pseudogenesis Productions"](pseudogenesis-productions-hub)).

The venue for SCP-8184, henceforth designated SCP-8184-1, is a black car that appears in various locations throughout the United States. Observation has failed to capture SCP-8184-1 between active spots in addition to any individual associated with GoI-478 manning the vehicle. Attempts to remove the object from any location return similar results, as it is seemingly immovable and indestructible.

Individuals within visible distance of SCP-8184-1 undergo a minor compulsion to approach and seat themselves in the driver's seat, gaining vague awareness of the vehicle being a "stage" for SCP-8184. Tickets for the performance are paidBeing nominally priced at around $5 USD. by placing the money in SCP-8184-1's glove box.

SCP-8184 itself mainly consists of memetic and cognitohazardous influences, where the subject experiences a series of intense hallucinations which follow a consistent timeline of events. They serve as the main focal point of the performance, being typically accompanied by another person resembling a close acquaintance, designated SCP-8184-2.It should be noted SCP-8184-2 is also part of the hallucination. The show mainly takes place at a house that differs in appearance, with reports stating an inability to detract from the narrative. Following SCP-8184's cessation, the subject is allowed to leave, believing the entirety of it to be fictitious.

Apart from the subject and SCP-8184-2 themselves, the story told through SCP-8184 has remained consistent between reports.

---

= **Addendum:** Recording Log

---

@@ @@

**Preamble:** Below is a video of a civilian undergoing an SCP-8184 event, their perception having been recorded prior to amnesticization. While parts of this footage have been corrupted, it serves as an example of a standard SCP-8184 experience.

For the purposes of anonymity, the person in question is hereby referred to as the 'Lead'. Other recordings are stored in the Foundation's main archives.

---

= {{**[BEGIN LOG]**}}

*[Lead first appears seated at a dinner table, with another individual sitting across from them (SCP-8184-2). A kitchen is positioned to their left, with a living room on their right. Pictures of the two are framed on the wall behind them. Judging by a window behind SCP-8184-2, it is assumed to be early in the morning.]*

*[Both persons are eating slices of toast. Lead looks around the room in slight confusion.]*

**Lead:** Wh- huh…

*[SCP-8184-2's eyes dart up at Lead. It swallows its food.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** You good, man?

*[Lead faces SCP-8184-2, pausing for a second.]*

**Lead:** Uh, yeah. I just… spaced out for a bit.

**SCP-8184-2:** Alright. My bad, then.

**Lead:** No, don't worry about it.

*[They take a bite of their toast, smothered in strawberry jam.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** *(Clears throat)* Anyways, I'm gonna head out and buy some groceries after this. You wanna come with?

*[Lead blinks, pondering the offer for a minute.]*

**Lead:** Uh, yeah! Sure.

**SCP-8184-2:** Coolio.

*[Irrelevant footage of the two finishing their food and Lead insisting on cleaning the dishes has been removed. After this, they both head toward the house's main entrance, opening it and revealing two cats sitting on the other side: one a mature adult and the other a kitten.]*

*[As they crouch down, Lead retrieves a bag of cat food by the side of the door. They take a plastic cup inside said bag and scoop a portion of food, pouring it in a cat bowl and laying it for them to consume.]*

*[They stare at the cats as they eat.]*

**Lead:** Aw, look at you! Must be really hungry, huh?

**SCP-8184-2:** Attached as always, I see.

**Lead:** Can't help it. I just love feeding them every day, you know?Lead possesses no memories of this prior to this log.

*[They try to reach for the smaller kitten, but it immediately scuttles away. Sulking, they pet the other cat instead.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** *(Exhales)* Tough luck.

**Lead:** I'll get him next time.

*[Lead stands back up again, as the two of them approach SCP-8184-1. They take the driver's seat while SCP-8184-2 sits in the passenger seat beside them.]*

**Lead:** We should really adopt them, don't you think so?

*[Both persons buckle their seatbelt.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Yeah, when we find the spare cash.

**Lead:** I'm sure we can afford it.

**SCP-8184-2:** Mhm.

*[Lead starts the car, watching as the kitten returns to the cat bowl.]*

**Lead:** *(Quietly)* We'll be back.

*[Stepping on the gas, they drive SCP-8184-1 out of the open garage and past the gate.]*

*[Lead and SCP-8184-2 return from their shopping trip. It is now early afternoon, with few clouds in the sky. Lead reverses into the garage, parking while conversing with SCP-8184-2.]*

**Lead:** Come on. You have to get at least a *taste* of it.

**SCP-8184-2:** Eh, I don't have much of a sweet tooth.

**Lead:** Sure, you don't.

*[The next few minutes consist of them talking. Footage is cut for brevity.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Anyways, I'm gonna get the bags. Don't mind me-

*[SCP-8184-2 opens the door and exits the vehicle. As it steps out, the entity turns to its right and notices something just out of view of Lead. It blinks a number of times before approaching and looking over in visible confusion.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Oh, god.

*[Lead notices SCP-8184-2 standing before the vehicle, leaning over whatever is out of sight. Unbuckling their seatbelt, they lift their head and attempt to catch a glimpse, though unsuccessfully.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** *(Shakes head)* Yeah, no. It's definitely dead.

*[Hearing this, Lead quickly leaves the driver's seat and approaches SCP-8184-2. At a certain distance, however, they stop in their tracks.]*

**Lead:** Wha… wha-

*[There is a dead kitten on the ground. Its head appears to be crushed, bearing tire marks along its face. A moment of silence passes as they take a step back. SCP-8184-2 rubs its forehead and sighs.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** I, uh… *(inhales)* I guess you just didn't see it.

*[Lead's eyes lock onto SCP-8184-2. Their mouth is agape.]*

**Lead:** D- Didn't see? What are you…

**SCP-8184-2:** While you were parking. It… it probably just didn't pop up in the rearview, hid in the camera's… blind spots or something, I don't know. I- man, that's just brutal.

*[SCP-8184-2 watches as they crouch down and stare at the body, scratching the back of its head. Before long, the entity clears its throat.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Okay, let's just go back inside.

*[They face the entity almost immediately in response.]*

**Lead:** I'm sorry? What about this? We can't just…

**SCP-8184-2:** Look, I'll handle it. You can get the stuff from the car, alright?

*[Pause. Lead eventually stands back up and goes to SCP-8184-1's trunk, taking out a few bags of groceries. While carrying them to the house's entrance, they notice SCP-8184-2 bringing a broom and dustpan. It proceeds to sweep the kitten and walk to a patch of tall grass across the gate.]*

*[They stop for a minute as the entity drops the cat on the ground, attempting to hide it in the tall grass albeit lazily. Their grip on the bags tightens slightly.]*

*[They continue walking.]*

*[Scene changes. It is now night time, and they are seated at the dinner table once again. SCP-8184-2 is eating a chicken salad while Lead spins some spaghetti around their fork. After a moment, the former notices them not consuming their meal.]*

*[The entity clears its throat.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Something wrong with the food?

*[Lead lifts their head. SCP-8184-2 blinks.]*

**Lead:** I… I should have checked.

*[SCP-8184-2 tilts its head as Lead proceeds to put the food in their mouth, chewing albeit slowly. The entity taps its foot as it places down its fork.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** *(Exhales)* Ah, I see.

**Lead:** What do you think? I can't just forget about it.

*[The entity leans back into its seat.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** And that's perfectly fine. I just… you shouldn't beat up yourself about it.

**Lead:** I was holding the wheel. I could've noticed him if I took my time.

*[Lead places their hands on their head, eyes lowering to the table.]*

**Lead:** We should've taken him in- *I* should've taken him in. Could've stopped this from happening in the first place. I could've ch- checked the mirrors, the camera. I could've looked back, slow down, maybe even stop myself before I…

*[Lead starts breathing heavily.]*

**Lead:** I didn't even bother. I didn't bother to look where I was going. I didn't bother to be more careful. I could've known he was there, I could've spot him from a mile away, but I didn't. I didn't, and now he's *dead.* I could've just stopped. I should've just stopped. If I did, if I just spent one more *fucking* second, I could've…

*[They rub their eyes, trying to control their breath.]*

**Lead:** *(Mumbles)* …What's wrong with me?

*[Their hands clench into fists. SCP-8184-2 quickly grabs a hold of their right hand.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** It's alright, man. I'm here. I know how much it hurts, and I… it hurts just as much seeing you act like this, talk down on yourself like this. Just- just take a minute to breathe, yeah?

*[Lead's expression changes to that of irritation. They retract both of their arms and point at SCP-8184-2.]*

**Lead:** Fuck off. As if you didn't just "bury" him like he was nothing.

*[SCP-8184-2 straightens itself, eyes widened.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** You- you saw that?

**Lead:** Yeah, you did a great job hiding that in *plain sight.*

**SCP-8184-2:** C'mon, man. I didn't mean to-

*[They slam on the table, startling SCP-8184-2.]*

**Lead:** What, pick up the broom? The dustpan? Drop him on the ground like some heartless bastard? Didn't mean to do *what?*

*[SCP-8184-2 furrows its eyebrows, gesturing its hand toward them.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Look, that wasn't my intent.

*[Lead crosses their arms.]*

**Lead:** Oh, yes. Because there's a very reasonable explanation behind what you did. What am I supposed to believe? That you're a person who throws garbage onto the yard because they couldn't be bothered with anything actually respectful? Shut up. Just shut the fuck up.

**SCP-8184-2:** That's not it! I just-

*[SCP-8184-2 stops to think, briefly looking away from Lead.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** I just… you know, I thought it'd be… uh-

**Lead:** Let me guess. Convenient? More *convenient* for you? Is that it?

**SCP-8184-2:** What? Of course not, you know what I-

**Lead:** No, I know. I definitely know, asshole. Actually-

*[They shove the table toward SCP-8184-2, standing up and pushing back the chair.]*

**Lead:** -fuck this, fuck you. I can't- I just *can't-*

*[Lead leaves the scene in a hurry. SCP-8184-2 quickly stands as well, reaching their arm outward to their direction before following them.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Please, man. Hear me out-

**Lead:** Leave me alone, just LEAVE ME ALONE.

*[They go into their bedroom, slamming the door behind them. SCP-8184-2 tries to open the door but it is locked, resorting them to knock repeatedly on it instead.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** I'm sorry, seriously. Just open the door, please.

*[Silence. They do not respond.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** You know I'm not good at wording shit. I just…

*[No response.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** *Fuck…*

*[SCP-8184-2 remains for the next few minutes before finally deciding to leave. Lead falls into their bed and can be heard weeping silently for the rest of this section.]*

*[Scene changes. It is later in the night.]*

*[Lead crouches down by the house's entrance before the adult cat meowing at them. It soon goes quiet once they proceed to pet it and scoop a cup of cat food from its package. They pour it in the bowl beside the entrance, watching as it eats.]*

*[SCP-8184-2 slowly approaches Lead from behind, standing at a fair distance from them. The entity tilts its head, trying to catch their attention. Its eyebrows are lowered.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Um… hey?

*[Lead turns slightly in SCP-8184-2's direction before turning back.]*

**Lead:** Don't speak to me.

**SCP-8184-2:** I just wanna talk.

**Lead:** Talk to the hand. I don't want to hear anything.

**SCP-8184-2:** I-

*[SCP-8184-2 bites its lip for a moment.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** I made a mistake. I knew better than to treat him like that, and I didn't mean anything heartless by it, but I did it anyway. *(Nervous laughter)* This is… this is just how I process things, y'know? I didn't have any bad intentions, y'know?

*[The entity clasps its hands together, bringing it to its chest. It forces a smile.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** I don't know, I… I didn't want to be too attached? *(Mumbles)* Well, it wasn't like I ever grew too close to the lil' guy, but I didn't want to start getting… close. I thought if I got it over and done with, I wouldn't have to feel as choked up.

*[Lead drops their head, letting out a sharp exhale.]*

**Lead:** Are you saying I'm too attached?

*[SCP-8184-2 shakes its head.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** *(Rapidly)* No, no no. That's not it.

**Lead:** Is it bad that I care? Should I *'get over it'?*

**SCP-8184-2:** I'm not saying it's bad! I was only explaining myself.

**Lead:** *(Groans)* It's too early for this, I know. There's no need to put yourself on the spot. I'll just pretend nothing happened and accept your half-assed apology and move on. Great idea, man. Great idea.

*[SCP-8184-2 tries to respond, but cannot say anything.]*

**Lead:** Honestly, can you… go? Please? *(Inhales)* How about you treat me like the kitten? Just dump me in the grass and leave me the fuck alone.

*[A short pause. The entity walks off as Lead remains by the door. They blink, rubbing their eyes and appearing lost in thought.]*

**Lead:** *(Inhales)* I swear…

*[They spend more time staring at the cat, periodically petting it.]*

**Lead:** You seem to be holding up well.

*[For the next 15 minutes, Lead stares at the ceiling of the bedroom, eyes open. They do not sleep.]*

*[They are now outside the house, walking toward the gate and drawing it to the side. Their pace starts to slow before they stop right before the tall grass. Lead lays their eyes on the kitten's body on the ground.]*

**Lead:** *(Sighs)* You didn't even have a name…

*[As they continue staring, Lead crouches and blinks a number of times. They check their wristwatch, shaking their head.]*

**Lead:** *(Under breath)* It's one in the fucking morning. What am I doing?

*[They look at the sky, breathing in and closing their eyes temporarily.]*

**Lead:** I enjoyed feeding you, you and your mom. I… I couldn't get enough for amenities, but the routine was already fulfilling in a way. Always had that thought in the back of mind, the thought that I could take you in and raise you. *(Chuckles)* Maybe you could even open up and let me scratch your chin or something.

*[They wipe their face, sniffling.]*

**Lead:** I could've stopped this, I *should've* stopped this. In some other timeline, I'd have played with you, buy you toys, maybe share a spot for you in bed. I guess being open about it kind of helps, I don't think keeping it in is really healthy.

*[They let out a cough, wiping their face again.]*

**Lead:** Still, it would've been nice. Having you here, enjoying the comforts indoors, that would've been nice. *(Grips chest)* Who knows… I know I won't.

*[A short pause follows. They return their gaze on the kitten.]*

**Lead:** That's it, I guess. I… I hope you know I'm sorry, and I hope you're resting peacefully despite me. I'll be sure to look out more, for your mom.

*[They ponder for a minute before standing up and brushing off their clothes.]*

**Lead:** *(Tilts head)* I could at least give you a proper burial-

*[The sound of footsteps are heard, causing Lead to face its direction. SCP-8184-2 is there by the gate, immediately taking a step back. They remain for a few moments.]*

**Lead:** What the hell are you doing here?

**SCP-8184-2:** Ah, well…

*[SCP-8184-2 swallows, staring at the ground.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Just wanted to check on you, is all. You, uh-

*[The entity points its thumb at the vehicle.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** You wanna take your mind off things for a bit?

*[Silence. Lead glares at SCP-8184-2 for a bit.]*

**Lead:** …Whatever.

*[They are now inside SCP-8184-1, with -2 in the driver's seat and Lead sitting in the back. They do not speak for the first few minutes, as the latter looks away from the former. Logs recovered from these performances have failed to capture the view from beyond the windows.]*

*[Soon, Lead breaks the silence.]*

**Lead:** Where are we even going?

**SCP-8184-2:** You'll see. I figured we should, y'know, talk for a bit. I mean, I've been a broken record about this, but I wanna set things straight.

**Lead:** You've had a lot of chances already.

**SCP-8184-2:** I'm aware. *(Pause)* But I'm serious, I want to make up.

*[Lead furrows their eyebrows.]*

**Lead:** Maybe I'm overthinking this. I know you're being- or well, *trying* to be genuine. Definitely doesn't help with how you treated him, but I know you're not going out of your way to tick me off.

**SCP-8184-2:** Right, I was-

**Lead:** *(Clears throat)* You're not out of the woods yet, dude. You're still a bitch.

*[They rub their forehead.]*

**Lead:** Thing is, you've *been* acting like this. This wasn't even a first.

*[They glance out the window, clicking their tongue.]*

**Lead:** Remember your uncle?

*[Pause. SCP-8184-2 briefly glances at Lead.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Wh- Where is this coming from?

**Lead:** It's just… we'd go to his house every weekend. We'd play games on the Switch- uh, well, we'd mostly play Mario Party. *Super* Mario Party, that is.

**SCP-8184-2:** 'Cause that's the only game you're good at.

*[SCP-8184-2 clears its throat.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Sorry. Don't- don't mind me.

*[Lead takes in a deep breath.]*

**Lead:** Well… I heard he died a few months back.

*[A moment of silence passes as they shoot a glare at SCP-8184-2.]*

**Lead:** You didn't even attend his funeral.

**SCP-8184-2:** How'd you even-

**Lead:** Your mom told me, genius. Really, I got it from my mom. She got it from your mom, but whatever. *(Inhales)* It's like you didn't want to see it, like you didn't want to *believe* it. She told me you just ignored her messages till she stopped bothering.

*[SCP-8184-2 does not respond.]*

**Lead:** Fuck's sake. You could've at least been there for him. He bought you that Switch for your birthday, and you *still* couldn't go? What, couldn't find the time?

**SCP-8184-2:** I- I just couldn't, okay? I know if I came, if I saw him being lowered, that I'd just… break down on the spot. I know he's dead, I *know* he isn't coming back… but I… *(pause)* I didn't want to make that realization.

**Lead:** This isn't about you. This is- ugh…

*[Lead looks to the ceiling and sighs.]*

**Lead:** People react to shit in different ways. You're no different, I know that. I know you care, and you don't mean to act… indifferent.

*[They wipe their face down with their hand.]*

**Lead:** But you got to know, you're not helping anyone like this. You're just being inconsiderate, even if that's not the case. I don't- I *(holds breath)*… I don't want to put you on the spot, but seriously, you're not the only person going through that shit. Your mom's there, your dad's there, *I'm* here… *We're* here…

*[They face SCP-8184-2.]*

**Lead:** We're here for you, for each other. Don't just… isolate yourself like this. Don't be acting like this. Don't do this as if no one else cares.

*[They squint, trying not to cry.]*

**Lead:** Please. Do better next time, okay?

*[SCP-8184-2 lowers its eyebrows, readjusting itself in its seat.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Right, I'm sorry. I… I really am, I'll… I'll do better.

**Lead:** You promise?

*[The entity tightens its grip on the steering wheel.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** I promise.

*[Lead leans back, staring at the car's ceiling. A large portion of the footage following this contain mostly silence between both individuals and has been removed for brevity. They soon arrive at their destination: a clearing by the side of the road surrounded by trees.]*

*[They park SCP-8184-1 and step outside, walking a short distance from the vehicle. They take a moment to gaze at the stars.]*

**Lead:** Where are we anyway?

**SCP-8184-2:** Somewhere. I like to come here from time to time.

*[The entity faces Lead, struggling to maintain eye contact.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** *(Gulps)* Look, I…

*[SCP-8184-2 looks down, trying to think. They let out a deep breath.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** I… I've been brushing this aside, I know that. I figured: "Hey, maybe if I look away long enough, he'll be there when I look back. He'll be talking to me like usual, like he wasn't gone at all." I never said it out loud, but… y'know.

*[SCP-8184-2 scratches the back of its head.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** But no, this isn't it. I shouldn't be doing this. Everyone's here, here for me. I should be there for them. I shouldn't… shove them out. I shouldn't have ignored your feelings. I'm… sorry. For being insensitive.

**Lead:** It's alright. At least you understand.

*[Time passes as they slowly come into an embrace, which lasts for a few minutes. Both persons start to tear up, but eventually, they stop and turn to the night sky. Lead crosses their arms, showing a slight smirk.]*

**Lead:** View's nice.

**SCP-8184-2:** Yeah?

**Lead:** Yeah…

*[The remainder of this section consists of them taking in the view.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** What're you doing there?

**Lead:** Hm?

*[Both persons are in the living room. There are a number of materials on the table, with Lead seated holding a thread and needle.]*

**Lead:** Doing some knitting, really.

**SCP-8184-2:** Hm, I figured. *(Clicks tongue)* Looks just like him, too.

**Lead:** Yeah, I was hoping it did. It's hard until you get the hang of it.

**SCP-8184-2:** You're telling me.

*[SCP-8184-2 eyes the items on the table.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** So, you doing better now?

**Lead:** *(Inhales)* I'm doing alright, I suppose.

**SCP-8184-2:** *(Nods)* Good to hear.

**Lead:** Mm…

*[Lead continues knitting. After a while, they smile at their progress.]*

**Lead:** *(Under breath)* Nice.

**SCP-8184-2:** *(Off-camera)* Hey, gonna head out for a minute! Wanna come with?

*[They turn to the direction of SCP-8184-2's voice.]*

**Lead:** Uh, yeah! Alright.

*[They quickly set down their stuff and brush off their clothes before heading out the door. Standing by the entrance, they see SCP-8184-2 already inside the car. The entity waves at them momentarily.]*

*[As they close the door behind them, Lead looks to the patch of grass across the gate. There is a small piece of wooden plank protruding from the ground, containing text which cannot be read from their current distance. They form a grin.]*

*[Before long, Lead approaches SCP-8184-1 and occupies the passenger seat. They take in a deep breath before turning to SCP-8184-2.]*

**Lead:** Thanks again.

**SCP-8184-2:** Huh? For…?

**Lead:** You know-

*[They tilt their head toward where the wooden plank is.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Oh, right. No, there's… no need to thank me.

**Lead:** You're trying. That's good, don't you think?

**SCP-8184-2:** I guess.

*[SCP-8184-2 shifts in its driver's seat and sighs.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** Anyways, I've heard a new place opened around here. Figured we should take a looksie. You haven't had the chance to eat, yeah?

**Lead:** Mm, nope.

**SCP-8184-2:** Cool, cool. I, uh, was also hoping…

*[A moment of silence passes as SCP-8184-2 bites its lip.]*

**SCP-8184-2:** I was thinking about visiting… visiting my uncle. If- if you don't mind.

**Lead:** Facing it head on now?

**SCP-8184-2:** Yup.

**Lead:** Not avoiding it anymore?

**SCP-8184-2:** No… I know better now. Trust me.

**Lead:** I trust you, I trust you.

*[SCP-8184-2 nods along as it proceeds to start the engine. Both persons wait a few seconds as the entity steps on the gas pedal.]*

**Lead:** *(Mumbles)* One day at a time…

*[As they pass the front gate, the show reaches its conclusion.]*

= {{**[END LOG]**}}

---

**Ending Statement:** Despite what the above suggests, SCP-8184 itself had lasted for approximately five minutes. Lead in particular never owned a pet prior to this log, but decided to adopt two cats following the experience.

@@ @@

~~~~

@@ @@

@@ @@

]

<< [SCP-8183](SCP-8183) | SCP-8184 | [SCP-8185](SCP-8185) >>

=====

> **Filename:** theshow

> **Name:**Black car, white tree

> **Author:** spaceodissey 

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/15807371@N00/2369961037)

> **Filename:** carbonara

> **Name:** Mmm... spaghetti carbonara

> **Author:** jeffreyw

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/7927684@N03/13726596053)

> **Filename:** mama

> **Name:** Cat and Cat Foods

> **Author:** No machine-readable author provided. NekoJaNekoJa~commonswiki assumed (based on copyright claims)

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/w/index.php?curid=880322)

> **Filename:** midnight

> **Name:** Midnight Dream

> **Author:** MarcCooper_1950

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/125843178@N06/26293674834)

> **Filename:** starsight

> **Name:** February #conservationlands15 Social Media Takeover: Top 15 Places on National Conservation Lands for Night Sky Viewing

> **Author:** mypubliclands

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/91981596@N06/16358792937)

> **Filename:** likeness

> **Name:** Kitty

> **Author:** Erin Perry Borron

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/89334149@N00/234089581)

=====
