[https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Snow_leopard_(Panthera_uncia).JPG image1], [https:*commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:New_York_City_appartment_building.jpg image2]. monkeysky, ratking, dante.

**Item #:** SCP-682-ARC

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-682-A and -B are to be left alone in their respective territories. Attacks should be misrepresented in the media, or suppressed should that prove too difficult.

Trail cameras have been placed in hidden locations along the Tian Shan mountain range. These are to be monitored automatically -- and events are to be studied by local employees to identify and handle surviving witnesses. Sightings of SCP-682-A are to be catalogued in *Document 682-A*. Bodies found along any of the trails going through the Tian Shan mountains are to be left where it leaves them.

The 85 Pitt Street apartment buildingPhoto attached.

 is open to residents, but the door to Room 411 has been covertly nailed shut. Hidden cameras and microphones have been installed along the fourth floor. This floor is to be cordoned off when required for maintenance using whatever cover story is acceptable at the time. Sightings of SCP-682-B are to be catalogued in *Document 682-B*. Should SCP-682-B begin acting erratically, the building’s residents are to be evacuated and a suppression plan is to be enacted. Witnesses and other obstacles should be dealt with according to their need.

**Description:** SCP-682 are two predators that possess an apparent fascination with the slaughter of human beings. One of these predators (-A) is located in the Tian Shan mountain range in Central Asia, while the other (-B) is located inside of the 85 Pitt Street apartment building in New York City, New York, United States.

Though they'll use any method, they appear to most enjoy the skinning of the face, the tearing of the scalp from the skull, the gouging of the eyeballs, the flattening of the chest until rupture, and/or the splitting of the spine followed by the tearing of the torso into two halves. They are efficient killers, though their techniques differ in a few key ways. SCP-682-A has a more standard hunting behavior -- it will usually spend a half hour tracking and observing its prey before an attack. SCP-682-B, in contrast, attacks in sudden and violent outbursts. Its victims were almost always near the unit it presides in or at least on the same floor, and it is far more brutal in its attacks than -A. In one notable case, SCP-682-B pried open the doors of an elevator shaft, fell seven stories (~30m), crashed through the top of the elevator car, and gored the three inhabitants inside without any apparent injury. This took place over approximately ten seconds.

They resemble lionesses (*Panthera leo*) albeit with significant differences. They are hairless, save for a line of black fur running from the back of their necks along their back to a short, stubby tail. They are around three meters long, one-and-a-half meters tall, and weigh an estimated 150 kilograms. Their hide is tough and gray in color -- similar in color to a corpse or other dead thing, which suggests a lack of blood flow underneath. Their eyes are black. Their claws are short, similar in structure to that of a bear's, and are perpetually stained with blood, even when licking themselves or standing in deep water. Their wounds appear to heal exceptionally quickly. Within hours, deep lacerations will clot, and within days it will heal completely, without scarring.

Notably, neither SCP-682-A nor -B has ever consumed a victim, or anything at all. It is unclear how they keep energy, or if they even require energy at all. While it is possible that they may grow tired during prolonged attacks, no attack has lasted long enough to verify through observation alone. Testing of this quality is too disruptive to conduct and has been placed on an indefinite hold. Attempts to grasp the underlying desires that these anomalies fulfill have been costly and fruitless. There is currently no interest in conducting another investigation on this matter.

A reasonable point of contention could be made in pairing these two creatures together as the same anomaly. There is no direct evidence that they are linked-- they are in two different locations, their similarities in 'pataphysical analysis are unclear, they presumably hold different meanings in the eye of God, and their behaviors are quite different. Regardless, it is evident that they are both, individually, anomalous and bear a striking similarity to each other. Therefore, our pairing of them together as a singular SCP is not due to direct evidence but rather due to the overwhelmingly low odds of both of these anomalies appearing independently from chance.

**Addendum:** Transcripts of Two Recorded Victims of SCP-682Pulled from *Document 682-A* and *Document 682-B* respectively-- through the roll of a standard pair of dice to avoid undesired sway from entities high and low that would be interested in the SCP Foundation or its mythos.

<details>
<summary>Показать/скрыть блок</summary>

> The following is an automatically generated transcript of events that transpired on camera *682-A21, S/N: AMC014KJ69YCGQ346N* on 01/17/2005 from 10:41 AM to 11:15 AM.

>

> ----

>

> **<00:00>** Low-power mode. Black-and-white video. January 17th, 2005; 3° Celsius; wind gust: W5 km/h; visibility: very good; cloudy.

> 

> **<10:41>** Snow covers the ground. SCP-682-A is seen. Sitting between boulder and a bush. Hiking trail leads from lefthand off-screen running along the boulder to righthand off-screen.

> 

> **<10:42>** SCP-682-A closes its eyes.

> 

> **<10:44>** Snow accumulates on top of SCP-682-A.

> 

> **<10:46>** Quiet footsteps.

> 

> **<10:47>** Quiet footsteps.

> 

> **<10:48>** Bushy jacket. Hiker enters from lefthand off-screen. Thin build. Likely male. Boots, pants, hiking backpack around waist, shoulders, chest. Walking stick. Hiker stops near boulder.

> 

> **<10:50>** Hiker exits at righthand off-screen.

> 

> **<10:51>** Quiet footsteps.

> 

> **<10:52>** SCP-682-A exits at righthand off-screen.

> 

> **<10:53>** Loud scream.

> 

> **<10:54>** Loud scream.

> 

> **<10:55>** Hiker enters from righthand off-screen. SCP-682-A enters from righthand off-screen.

> 

> **<10:56>** Loud scream. Hiker hits SCP-682-A with walking stick. SCP-682-A presses on hiker.

> 

> **<10:57>** Loud scream. Blood covers the boulder. SCP-682-A presses on hiker.

> 

> **<10:58>** Loud scream. SCP-682-A covers hiker.

> 

> **<10:59>** Muffled sound. SCP-682-A stands still.

> 

> **<11:00>** SCP-682-A turns away from hiker. Front covered in blood and human organ material. SCP-682-A does not move.

> 

> **<11:01>** Quiet wind. SCP-682-A does not move.

> 

> **<11:02>** Quiet wind. SCP-682-A does not move.

> 

> **<11:03>** Snow accumulates on top of SCP-682-A and hiker. SCP-682-A does not move.

> 

> **<11:07>** SCP-682-A exits at righthand off-screen. Hiker does not move.

> 

> **<11:11>** SCP-682-A enters from righthand off-screen. It leans over the face of the hiker.

> 

> **<11:12>** Soft wind.

> 

> **<11:14>** Loud wind.

> 

> **<11:15>** SCP-682-A exits at righthand off-screen.

</details>

<details>
<summary>Показать/скрыть блок</summary>

> The following is an interpretation of events that transpired on camera *682-B6, S/N: AMR01284FCA1597397* on 09/12/2011 from 04:07 PM to 4:13 PM. Written by Site-13 Researcher Roger Dalton.

> 

> ----

> 

> *A woman enters frame. This was during a period of maintenance, meaning that the elevator button to the floor had been deactivated and the stairwell had been blocked off. She must have then snuck past the barricade in secret. She appears to be in her late 20s to early 30s, brunette hair, a large brown coat, dark blue jeans with a brown belt, and brown shoes.*

> 

> *She paces back and forth down the hallway with her eyes on her phone. She then leans against a wall that is next to the unit containing SCP-682-B, facing away from the camera.*

> 

> *Footsteps. A man enters frame -- a black hoodie and gray Nike basketball shorts with black running shoes. The two are evidently familiar with each other.*

> 

> **Man:** It's a bad dog.

> 

> **Woman:** Are you high?

> 

> *The man pulls a crumpled-up note out of his pocket.*

> 

> **Man:** No. Can you read this?

> 

> *The woman takes the note and unfurls it.*

> 

> **Woman:** What is... what's going on? Your eyes are bugging out right now.

> 

> **Man:** It's nothing. You can't see my eyes too well, anyway. Well~~ it's hard to explain. I'm on this very... taught string here. Have you read it? It took me all night to write it~~

> 

> **Woman:** This is six words?

> 

> **Man:** That's why I'm tired. Yeah, it's six words but they're very important. You have to memorize it.

> 

> **Woman:** What are you talking about?

> 

> **Man:** So, uh...

> 

> *Silence for a few seconds as the man thinks.*

> 

> **Man:** There are like... traps throughout the world, I think. At least here, maybe even in this building. I don't know. There's like~~ these things that if you don't act right, it sees you and it like... is too interested in you. Like a bad lover. And it just kills you and there's nothing you~~

> 

> **Woman:** Oh.

> 

> **Man:** Yes! I know, okay, but like-- it doesn't matter. Can you just memorize it? Please, I really need you to do that, okay? If you forget it, a lot of bad things are gonna happen.

> 

> **Woman:** I... Okay. You have to look at this from my view right now--

> 

> *The man reaches into the pocket of his hoodie and pulls out something that cannot be seen on camera. This is a revolver. The woman jumps back into the door to the unit containing SCP-682-B.*

> 

> **Woman:** Jesus! Are you serious!?

> 

> *The woman waits for a response.*

> 

> **Woman:** What is fucking wrong with you!?

> 

> *Another few seconds of waiting.*

> 

> **Woman:** *Hello*!?

> 

> **Man:** It's fine. Please memorize it.

> 

> **Woman:** I have it memorized!

> 

> **Man:** Okay, great. Great, um... tear it up. Do it real good, so nobody else can read it, okay?

> 

> *The woman slowly tears up the note and drops the pieces on the ground. She starts to cry.*

> 

> **Woman:** This is so stupid.

> 

> **Man:** It's not. It's really... um... Ask why I'm doing this to you.

> 

> **Woman:** Why are you doing this to me?

> 

> **Man:** It's not... you, it's just somebody else, y'know? I hit a really bad trap a long time ago, and now there's um... something coming for me, like a landlord when you haven't been making payments. He's gonna come and evict me, and when that happens I'm gonna be so fucked.

> 

> *The man gestures at the pile of paper on the ground.*

> 

> **Man:** This will... um...

> 

> **Woman:** What?

> 

> *Silence for a few seconds. The man starts to cry.*

> 

> **Man:** It'll... protect--

> 

> *The door to the unit containing SCP-682-B opens, although nothing can be seen, as the woman is standing in the doorway.*

> 

> **Man:** I don't think that's right. No, that's nothing to do with it. It's a bad dog...

> 

> **Woman:** Can you tell me what's going on?

> 

> **Man:** I don't know. I just had this dream last night and it said it would like... talk to me. Negotiate something, I don't think. It's not talking at all. I'm sorry, I'm just really embarrassed right now. I shouldn't have done any of this. I'm really stupid sometimes.

> 

> *The man puts the revolver in his mouth and shoots himself. The woman screams and freezes in fear, her hand over her mouth. She does not move for half a minute, as the man's body slowly stops twitching. The woman steps around his body and runs out of frame. SCP-682-B is visible, peering out through the crack in the doorway. Its face is caked in blood.*

> 

> *After another thirty seconds, the woman returns to frame and notices the anomaly. She freezes. Only the top of her head is visible in frame. SCP-682-B slowly creeps out of the room towards her.*

> 

> *The woman turns to run, and SCP-682-B brutalizes her.*

</details>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8572](SCP-8572) | SCP-682-ARC | [SCP-8574](SCP-8574) >>
