⚠️ **Content warning:** Implied non-consensual sexual relations; torture; graphic content.

**Item #:** SCP-8908

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** A perimeter outside of SCP-8908 has been fenced off and marked as private property, with security cameras installed at multiple vantage points to monitor the location.

Entering SCP-8908 without abiding by a strict conduct protocol may result in loss of limbs, personal freedoms, or life, as well as complete termination of Foundation employment.

**Description:** SCP-8908 refers to an abandoned panel system apartment building, built originally in 1978 and located in ███████, Czech Republic. Based on all on-site records, the building was abandoned by all inhabitants at some point between May and June of 2013; the reason for the building's abandonment is still unknown, as none of the previous tenants have been found for questioning. No record of SCP-8908, outside of the physical building itself, currently exists outside of this file.

The interior of the building consists of six floors, with four apartments per floor, as well as the ground floor with cellar space. Despite the general state of disrepair, the electrical and mechanical systems of the building are perfectly functional, including the lights and an elevator connecting the floors.

Anyone entering SCP-8908 must follow strict exploration instructions in order to avoid triggering the dangerous anomalous phenomena within the building.

**General confines of SCP-8908:**

* Attempting to use the elevator to go to the fifth floor makes the elevator move to a random other floor instead.

* One team exploring the ground floor reported hearing muffled screams from one of the cellars, without any discernible source being found. The cellar in question contained only empty crates, a large animal cage, and some old furniture.

* Some individuals spending extended amounts of time on the stairs between the first and the second floor reported thinking the stairs kept going up for seven minutes and claimed to have gone up to a non-existent seventh floor. Attempts to recreate this effect led to loss of personnel.

* The words "please" and "no more" will sometimes manifest on the walls of SCP-8908, either written with white paint or scratched into the plaster, disappearing after a few minutes.

* Occasionally, missing persons posters appear near the building entrance. So far, no individual witnessing such an event has been able to describe details of the posters, other than the missing person in question being a young woman.

* Walking up the stairs and counting the stairs out loud at any point causes the lights in the whole building to flicker, even if not previously powered on.

* Sometimes, when looking through keyholes, especially on the first three floors, a ragged, leathery feminine figure can be seen looking back through the keyhole with bloodshot green eyes. This entity was never encountered outside of this specific occurrence.

**Specific apartments of SCP-8908:**

* Rotating a calendar in apartment number 4 from June 2013 to any previous month causes the individual doing so to faint and experience a vivid dream in which they are ████ ███████, a former tenant of the apartment. Specific details of the dream seem to be impossible to remember, but affected individuals claim to have experienced living as ████ ███████ for an extended amount of time, ranging from a few weeks up to three years.

* The water basin in the kitchen of apartment 7 will occasionally start leaking when a single person is standing with their back towards the kitchen door. This effect stops within a minute, unless the individual turns around to leave, in which case they will disappear and their mangled body will be found within a few weeks, either in the ground cellars, elevator shaft, or roof of SCP-8908. Typically, the eyes and tongues of victims will be removed. In one case, the affected individual was still alive but unable to communicate due to their injuries and trauma.

* There exists a strange correlation between the bedrooms of apartments 3 and 17, the hallway of apartment 6, and the living rooms of apartments 15, 20, and 23; any individuals standing in one of these locations will also be visible in other related locations and can interact with all of their surroundings at once, often severely confusing the individual.

* Apartment 18 on the fifth floor is inaccessible, despite its missing front doors; attempting to cross into the apartment causes a panic attack, followed by a myocardial infarction, which could be fatal unless given immediate medical attention. Trying to force an entrance into the apartment through alternative ways, such as the windows or through neighboring apartments, causes individuals to enter the darkroom of apartment 19 instead.

**Apartment 19:**

* The entry hallway is lined with hunting trophies and stuffed animal heads. Eyes on the heads will follow anyone who enters the apartment, and a low breathing sound can be heard in their presence.

* The bathroom of the apartment has been turned into a photography darkroom. Leaving the bathroom will result in the appearance of a twisted feminine figure, which will attempt to strangle the individual and scratch their eyes out. This figure is incapable of leaving the apartment and will disappear after a few hours.

* A camera was found in the darkroom which is only capable of producing a picture of a bound female lying in a bathtub. The subject in the photo appears to be in a state of distress. These pictures fade within a few seconds when taken out of SCP-8908.

* The living room appears to have been damaged by fire. There is a clearly human-shaped outline on the wall and a charred human skeleton lying behind the scorched sofa. Viewing of this skeleton causes immediate disgust, anger, and violence in viewers, as well as panic and a feeling of constraint. 

* A large animal cage is present in the far corner of the room.

* The bedroom features a hidden entrance into the bedroom of apartment 18, as well as many pictures of different women. Standing in the room for extended periods of time causes most individuals to vomit.

<< [SCP-8907](SCP-8907) | SCP-8908 | [SCP-8909](SCP-8909) >>

=====

> **Filename:** SCP-8908-1.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8908)

=====

> **Filename:** SCP-8908-2.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8908)

=====

> **Filename:** SCP-8908-3.jpg

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8908)

=====
