**Item #:** SCP-8194

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8194 is to remain folded, and kept inside a padlocked case. Said case is to be placed in a secure storage locker.

**Description:** SCP-8194 is a foldable pocketknife measuring 1.27 x 8.89 x 0.635 cm. It possesses an ornate handle made of whale bone depicting an American eagle, which is holding a banner that reads "THE RIGHT TO KEEP AND BEAR ARMS". The ricasso of the item is engraved with the text "POLK". Nickel, silver, and stainless steel also make up its composition.

Anomalous properties manifest when the blade inflicts injury on a human regardless of severity. The subject will experience the following:

* Contraction of human immunodeficiency viruses (HIV) immediately followed by symptoms of immunodeficiency syndrome (AIDS). Kaposi's sarcoma is commonly observed. Analysis of the blade does not find any contamination with HIV. No anomalous properties occur when the disease is transmitted. Subjects that already contracted HIV/AIDS by mundane means produce no different results when exposed to SCP-8194. They will experience the other effects of the item.

* Rapid development of Alzheimer's disease. Subjects will undergo neural degradation over the course of a week until they expire from pneumonia. Treatment can delay symptoms, but it is unable to prevent expiration.

* Subjects will occasionally exhibit a state of paranoia concerning an impending nuclear strike.

* Episodic cranial sensory shock while sleeping. More commonly known as exploding head syndrome. 

* Increase in dopamine as long as the blade remains in the wound. Prolonged and repeated exposure results in addiction towards being injured by SCP-8194.

* Additional lacerations or punctures may suddenly manifest on the body by unknown means. Subjects can potentially expire from exsanguination or become disfigured.

* During REM sleep subjects will report recurrent dreams, which share similar elements to each other. See Addendum 01 for further information.

SCP-8194 originally belonged to former United States President Ronald Reagan. The item was gifted to him by Arkansas Congressman John Paul Hammerschmidt circa 1982. Hammerschmidt had commissioned it from a bladesmith named Clifton Polk who operated out of Fort Smith, Arkansas. On February 6, 2019, its anomalous properties were discovered when an employee at the Ronald Reagan Presidential Library accidentally injured himself with it during an inventory inspection.

Foundation operatives were able to retrieve the item, and the affected employee. He later died in quarantine as D-8194-01. Amnestics were administered to all civilians involved in the recovery, and a replica of SCP-8194 was placed in the library's artifact collection.

It is unknown when SCP-8194 started manifesting its anomalous properties or if it always possessed them. Hammerschmidt nor Polk could be questioned about SCP-8194 due to their respective deaths on April 1, 2015, and December 7, 2018. An investigation into them failed to discover any association with anomalous practices or groups of interest. [Reagan's Secret Service detail](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-robinsons-statement) reported no unusual occurrences when SCP-8194 was still in his possession.

**Addendum 01:** The following are interview logs with test subjects injured by SCP-8194. They reported the dreams they experienced after exposure.

> **Interviewed:** D-8194-04

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. George Franklin

> 

> **Foreword:** Interview occurred on day 3 after initial exposure. The subject noticably lost weight.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** You mentioned that you had an unusual dream earlier. Can you tell me about it?

> 

> **Subject:** [Coughs] Sure. I was in a big room in front of a bunch of people. Couldn't see any of their faces. They were just clapping the whole time. There was also Ronald Reagan who looked awful. Awful.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** What do you mean?

> 

> **Subject:** The skin on top of his head was gone. You could see the skull. [Coughs] He was missing his left eye, too. Nothing but blood flowed out of his mouth. Probably was missing his tongue or something. I don't know. [Coughs] He walked up to shake my hand with a smile. Someone wearing a pointed hooded stood behind him the entire time.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** Is that all?

> 

> **Subject:** No, there's more. When we actually shook hands Reagan's broke off at the wrist. It looked like a clean cut from a knife. I remember dropping the hand, and jumping back. Reagan kept on smiling at me until sirens started blaring. You know the ones used in movies for bomb strikes? They sounded like they were coming from somewhere outside.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** Then what?

> 

> **Subject:** Reagan looked scared. A bunch of cuts started to appear on his face. Meanwhile, the one in the hood started raising their arms up. Then there was a bright light like the sun, and a sound louder than thunder. The audience were still clapping, I think. Everything started to really shake. The last thing I remember was the building starting to collapse. It all happened so quick. Then I woke up. How much longer until the side effects from whatever you guys did to me to go away?

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** It should be gone in a couple of days. Thank you for your cooperation.

> 

> **Subject:** You're welcome.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> **Interviewed:** D-8194-05

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. George Franklin

> 

> **Foreword:** Interview occured on day 4 after intitial exposure to SCP-8194. Subject was experiencing minor memory loss.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** Do you remember me?

> 

> **Subject:** Yeah.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** That's good. Were you able to get any sleep last night?

> 

> **Subject:** Barely. That loud sound I be hearing kept waking me up, man. When I finally did get some sleep I had a scary dream. [Coughs]

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** I would like to hear about this dream. Do you remember the details?

> 

> **Subject:** I do. There were lots of dead people tangled up in wires, and stacked on top of each other. Everywhere I looked there were piles of them. They also only wore a pointy hood that covered their heads. The ground was covered in blood, and I walked around for a bit. Then there was this guy missing all of his skin up to his mouth. You could see the muscles. He kind of looked like that one president when I was a kid. You know the one that said tear down that wall or something like that?

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** It was Ronald Reagan.

> 

> **Subject:** Yeah, that's him. [Coughs] Anyway, he was just standing there with his arms up, and looking at a shining city in the distance.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** A shining city? Please describe it to me.

> 

> **Subject:** It was far away on like an island. There were big buildings I couldn't make out. It was all covered in bright light like a sunrise. I would say it looked like Heaven, but something felt really off about it. Like circles that are not circles.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** What exactly do you mean by that?

> 

> **Subject:** By what?

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** What you just said about circles.

> 

> **Subject:** I didn't say anything about circles.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** Nevermind then. Please continue.

> 

> **Subject:** Anyway, Reagan started to face my direction. He looked like he was smiling at me, but it all felt wrong. I am not sure how to explain it except that it was a hokey smile. A big shadow then came out of the ground behind him. It looked like a person wearing a pointy hood. Reagan was really small next to it. Maybe seven or eight feet? Probably taller. The bodies I mentioned also started to move. Same with the wires on them. They were like snakes. I also noticed that the light of the city dimmed. It somehow looked further away than before, but I'm not really sure. The people started to jump Reagan, tearing him apart. They raised parts of him up into the air for the shadow to see. Oh, I almost forgot to tell you about the sky. It was dark enough to see stars. They started falling down to make big explosions faraway.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** When was that happening?

> 

> **Subject:** While Reagan was being torn apart.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** Alright, what happened next?

> 

> **Subject:** Everything was getting bright. I couldn't see anything. It also got hot. Like, really hot. The whole thing felt real as if I was actually burning alive. Awful. The others started to burn, but the shadow just stood there like a void. It felt like it was staring at me. Before I finally woke up there was a voice. It sounded wrong like a broken robot or radio.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** Did it sound like static?

> 

> **Subject:** Yeah, kind of. [Coughs]

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** So what did the voice say?

> 

> **Subject:** "Bombing in five minutes" or something like that. I finally woke up after the light seemed to surround me. Maybe what you guys tested on me gave me a bad trip or something. My dreams never felt that real.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** Noted. Thank you for your time. You should be recovering soon from the effects.

> 

> **Subject:** Happy to help if it means I get to go back home. [Coughs]

> 

> **<End Log>**

> **Interviewed:** D-8194-06

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. George Franklin

> 

> **Foreword:** Subject began experiencing severe psychological deterioration as a result of Alzheimer's disease. The interview occured on day 7 after initial exposure to SCP-8194.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** Hello?

> 

> **Subject:** N-nancy? Where am I?

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** I'm Dr. Franklin. This is a hospital. You are very sick right now, but we are going to help you. Who's Nancy?

> 

> **Subject:** I don't- I don't know.

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** That's okay. Last night you were apparently having a bad dream. Can you tell me about it?

> 

> **Subject:** I was being cut up. Are the bombs coming?

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** Nothing is coming. You're safe.

> 

> **Subject:** Are you sure? [Coughs] The Russians aren't bombing the shining city?

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** I'm sure. What else can you tell me about the dream you had?

> 

> **Subject:** [It is hard to think. I get all cut up.](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/cut-up-while-thinking) Oh God, please, he sees me!

> 

> **Dr. Franklin:** Who-

> 

> *Two lacerations manifest on the face of D-8194-06, who begins screaming and struggling in the restraints. Personnel proceed to administer a sedative.*

> 

> **Subject:** Nancy! God help America!

> 

> **<End Log>**

**Addendum 02:** On July 4, 2020, [SCP-1981](SCP-1981) containment staff noted the presence of SCP-8194 during playback. The following is the video transcript.

> 0:13:16 - Reagan: I'm from the government and I'm here to help. A few months ago I told the American people I did not trade arms for hostages. My heart and my best intentions tell me that's true, but the facts and evidence tell me it is not. <laughter>

> 

> 0:13:24 - [Reagan produces SCP-8194 from his outer breast pocket. The camera briefly zooms in on SCP-8194 as Reagan unfolds it before zooming back out. He holds the pocketknife out on the palm of his right hand until his onstage entourage rises from their seats, and take it from him. They proceed to take turns stabbing Reagan before returning to their seats. SCP-8194 is finally stabbed into the left side of Reagan's head where it remains for the remainder of the footage. Blood occasionally squirts out from the entry point.]

> 

> 0:15:56 - Reagan: Now there you go again!

> 

> 0:16:00 - [Applause]

> 

> 0:16:06 - Reagan: Every shining city upon a hill has the right to keep and bear weapons of mass destruction. It will not be infringed. People abroad yearn for the searing embrace of our industrial Moloch, the hungry beast of America. We passed legislation to recognize blood and bullets as vegetables in school lunches. Onward, toy soldiers. Reagan's Regiments. Bush Brigades. I feel a God shaped hole. We begin bombing in five minutes.

> 

> 0:16:22 - [Lacerations form on Reagan's shoulders that bisect both of his arms. A large gash manifests across the throat that prevents Reagan from being able to speak. Additional lacerations and punctures form as the camera slowly zooms in on SCP-8194. The camera stops zooming in once Reagan's face is out of frame. Laughter and applause can be heard from the audience. Eventually Reagan falls out of frame along with SCP-8194, and a loud thud can be heard. Nothing else occurs until the footage degrades to static at 22:34.]

> 

> END TRANSCRIPT

SCP-8194 has not yet been observed again in subsequent playbacks of SCP-1981. This incident prompted personnel to view [SCP-7918](SCP-7918), which also depicts Ronald Reagan. The contents of the videocassette were the same except for the final segment. SCP-8194 was observed alongside SCP-1981-1. Attached is the video transcript.

> *[The footage progresses as normal until a frame of static manifests. As usual the blurring fades from Reagan's face to reveal the unidentified male, but SCP-1981-1 can now be seen sitting besides the bed. "Reagan" does not speak as SCP-1981-1 produces SCP-8194, and firmly places it in his hands while holding them together. Nothing of note occurs before "Reagan" proceeds to expire after an hour and two minutes. SCP-1981-1 continues to hold his hands for three hours and fifty-seven minutes until another frame of static manifests. Visuals immediately change to SCP-1981-1 standing motionless over the bed. The male's face also returns to that of Reagan's who is now covered in multiple lacerations. SCP-8194 is embedded in the chest where the heart is located. Reagan appears confused before addressing SCP-1981-1.]*

> 

> **{{REAGAN:}}** I see you, my constant companion. Remember my farewell address to the nation when I spoke about the shining city upon a hill? The one Peggy wrote for me? I said it was a tall proud city built on rocks stronger than oceans, wind swept, God blessed, and teeming with people of all kinds living in harmony and peace. Funny how everyone loved it when I said that until it actually came down to it. The truth is not everyone's wanted in the shining city. Remember when I vetoed the sanctions put on South Africa for the apartheid? Remember Nixon and I on the phone about those Africans at the UN? Remember the welfare queen? Remember the human predator and how people are simply prone to evil? The gays had San Francisco as their shining city. They could have invited Gaddafi over considering the way he liked to dress. However, if they wanted to enter the real shining city, escape the plague of AIDS, they should have just changed their behavior. They had a choice. The commandments were there to follow. It was an avoidable, sad thing. Why couldn't Nancy and Ron understand that?

> 

> *[Reagan coughs up blood before continuing.]*

> 

> **{{REAGAN:}}** I hear you, my gnawing judge. It's true that over half of all Americans still hate. Hate and ignorance is profitable. George's son and those with him used it well. Military spending couldn't have had it any better under him. It was probably bigger than my own efforts against the Soviets. All that blood and oil flowed through the greedy veins of corporate America. Our military industrial complex couldn't have been any happier. The horned king crown in shame was surely pleased. The war on terror was destiny manifested, and it could also be said for the silence around AIDS. In the end it was morning again in America. Another tragedy for the annals of history. Another win for the Gipper. Remember what I told those police chiefs in Louisiana who were concerned about the rise of crime? For all our science and sophistication, for all our justified pride in intellectual accomplishment, we should never forget: the jungle is always there, waiting to take us over. Those were my exact words. I paid well for my microphone, and gave the best performance while in office. My tribute. Now all I have is you and the madness. But where's the rest of me? All in all, not bad. Not bad at all. Now please tear down these walls and let me finally walk the city streets.

> 

> *[Reagan is suddenly decapitated. His head tumbles forward out of frame to the floor. SCP-1981-1 remains motionless as the footage fades to static and concludes.]*

Subsequent playbacks of SCP-7918 reverted to its original contents. No further incidents have yet to occur. SCP-1981, SCP-7918 and SCP-8194 are not to be located in the same facility. Further sightings of SCP-1981-1 must be reported.

<< [SCP-8193](SCP-8193) | SCP-8194 | [SCP-8195](SCP-8195) >>

> **Filename:** The Right to Keep and Bear Arms Pocketknife - NARA - 12011216.jpg

> **Author:** U.S. National Archives and Records Administration

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:The_Right_to_Keep_and_Bear_Arms_Pocketknife_-_NARA_-_12011216.jpg)
