**Special Containment Procedures:** All instances of SCP-8664 are to be kept in a medical-grade storage container at Site-272. No organism is to consume SCP-8664 outside of authorized testing. Authorized testing must occur outdoors or in a structure capable of withstanding explosive forces up to 400 psi.

In the event of civilian awareness of deaths, injuries, or property damage resulting from SCP-8664, cover story 17-D (“Terrorist bombing”) is to be employed.

**Description:** SCP-8664 are small, bright blue capsules containing an unidentifiable parapharmacological substance. SCP-8664 do not exhibit anomalous effects unless administered to a canine. Shortly after consuming SCP-8664, said subject (thereafter designated SCP-8664-A) will transform into a domestic cat (*Felis catus*) and gain the ability to run at speeds ranging from 3.5 to 4.6 times the speed of sound. Despite the extreme physical forces generated by such movement, SCP-8664-A will remain unharmed. These effects persist for approximately two hours, after which SCP-8664-A instances revert to their original canine forms.

**Discovery:** All known instances of SCP-8664 were recovered near a canine sporting facility behind a private residence in Piton, Missouri after an anomalous mass-death incident disrupted a [Fast Coursing Ability Test](https://www.akc.org/sports/coursing/fast-cat/)A dog racing sport where dogs engage in a timed one-hundred yard dash. trial being held there. Police were called to the scene after neighbors reported an explosion.

Upon arriving at the scene, emergency responders (including embedded Foundation personnel) discovered that the track had been destroyed by a sonic blast. Subsequent investigation resulted in the recovery of records from the mobile phone of one of the event’s participants, Karen Summers, seemingly recording an exchange with the Person of Interest known as “dado.”

##blue|Hello, I’m trying to reach a pharmacist recommended to me by my son. His name is Paul Summers. He said that the person at this number is a real miracle-worker?##

##red|yes u is texting good number. number of dado purveyor of fine pharmaceutical product and also laundry and tan. how can assist?##

##blue|Okay… Paul said I could get performance-enhancing drugs from you?##

##red|enhancing of performance? what performance u is needing enhanced? is need better sing? better dance?##

##blue|No. An athletic performance. Something that’ll give an athlete an advantage over the competition.##

##red|ah dado see. u is need pill to make u stronger?##

##blue|Well, it’s not for me. It’s for my dog.##

##red|u is need pill 4 dog?##

##blue|Yes. That won’t be a problem, will it?##

##red|not at all. dado is fine maker of pills. dado will make pill perfect 4 dog.##

##blue|Great. I need something that will make my dog do better at Fast CAT trials. She’s a German Shepherd, just under 100 pounds, four years old.##

##red|dado see. so u is need pill for turn shepherd of germans dog into fast cat?##

##blue|I need something that will turn a dog into a top-tier, runner. As fast as you can make her.##

##red|dado understand. dado will make very fast, yes.##

##blue|And it needs to be safe, understand? There’s no point in winning the championship if I lose the dog right afterward.##

##red|dado is understand. dado have pet hamster. dado knows what dado would do to anyone who hurt hamster with bad pill.##

##blue|Alright, then. How soon can you have it ready?##

At the Fast Coursing Ability Test trial the following weekend, it is believed that Summers administered an instance of SCP-8664 to her dog. The resulting SCP-8664-A instance proceeded to run at approximately Mach 4.1, resulting in a sonic boom that killed all other humans and canines present. A bottle containing several more instances of SCP-8664 was recovered from Summers’ residence nearby. The SCP-8664-A instance was recovered unharmed six kilometers away from the track. The animal has since been rehomed.

<< [SCP-8663](SCP-8663) | SCP-8664 | [SCP-8665](SCP-8665) >>

,,[More by this Author](xhawk77x),,

=====

> **Filename:** German Shepherd Dog Long-haired 2.jpg

> **Name:** German Shepherd Dog Long-haired 2

> **Author:** Canarian

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:German_Shepherd_Dog_Long-haired_2.jpg)

=====
