⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains **body horror, sexual horror, and entomophobia**.

**Item #:** SCP-8893

**Object Class:** Archived

**Archived Special Containment Procedures:** SAURON.aic has been assigned the task of monitoring hospital databases for any documentation consistent with SCP-8893. SCP-8893-A instances are to be amnesticized, and all recovered instances of SCP-8893-B are to be collected and contained in Biological Site-0726.

**Description:** SCP-8893 refers to the manifestation of gamergateFemale worker ants capable of sexual reproduction, a phenomenon restricted to taxa where the workers have a functional sperm reservoir. ants (SCP-8893-B) in the human urethra. The appearance of SCP-8893 requires an adult human male Notably, SCP-8893 has only been found to affect adult cisgender males.  (SCP-8893-A) to meet the following criteria:

* SCP-8893-A must use Twitter, Facebook, Reddit, or any other similar social media platform/image boards to communicate sexist beliefs about women;

* SCP-8893-A must lack a sexual/romantic partner;

* SCP-8893-A must masturbate to climax.

If all of the above conditions are met, SCP-8893-B will manifest in SCP-8893-A's urethra, replacing semen and other fluids typically produced during ejaculation. Urethral cystoscopy of the initial SCP-8893-A (Fig B.) revealed a colony of SCP-8893-B dwelling within.

All SCP-8893-B instances have been found to be fertilized by SCP-8893-A's DNA, rather than by a mated member of their species. This has not been observed to affect specimens born during testing.

**Notice:** As of 2016, instances of SCP-8893 have seen a 99% decrease globally. Due to the near-neutralization of the anomaly, it has been moved to the Archived section of the Foundation's database.

@@@@

@@@@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8892](SCP-8892) | SCP-8893 | [SCP-8894](SCP-8894) >>

@@@@

@@@@

> **Filename:** ant.png

> **Name:** Pachycondyla berthoudi sam-hym-c007394a profile 1.jpg

> **Author:** Antweb.org

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Pachycondyla_berthoudi_sam-hym-c007394a_profile_1.jpg)

> **Additional Notes:** Cropped by 

> **Filename:**antsindick.png

> **Name:**

> **Author:** Pixabay

> **License:** Public Domain 1.0

> **Source Link:** [Link](https://boudewijnhuijgens.getarchive.net/amp/media/ants-red-ants-recycle-c5130c)

> **Additional Notes:** Cropped by
