= **SCP-8546 - Weird Dog.**

= **Author:** [ GwenWinterheart](winterheart-page )

= **Content warning: Animal abuse**

=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8546

**Object Class:** Diogenes

**Special Containment Procedures:** Item SCP-8546 is to be kept in an electrified metal cage.  Twenty pounds of blended, low-grade meat are to be delivered through the bars of the cage into object's feeding trough on a bi-weekly basis.  After feeding, electrification may be deactivated for up to 2 minutes at a time in order to clean meat residue, vomit, and accumulated secretions from cage using pressurized water.

Personnel are to remain at least 1 meter away from cage at all times.  Cage not to be opened without direct permission from acting HMCL supervisor.  Hearing protection recommended.

**Description:** In 2006, a hiker discovered the corpse of an elderly woman partially buried under fallen rocks on a remote hiking trail near Canmore, Alberta.  Upon approaching, he was attacked by what he described as a feral dog and fled; attacker did not pursue.  Bite mark on victim's leg did not match dentation of any known animal.  Item found in vicinity of corpse shortly after incident, recovered and moved to Site-19.

At time of containment, SCP-8546 visually resembled a small domestic dog.  Physical strength and speed much higher than would be expected of such; biting force estimated at 700 kilograms. Movements described as unnaturally smooth.  There was a large rip in the skin of its right upper hind leg, exposing bare muscle.  This injury did not bleed and showed no signs of healing. The object did not limp.

SCP-8546's teeth were made of carved bone, coated with an unknown resin. One eye was made of tinted glass, although it still appeared capable of sight -- the other was shattered shortly after recovery.  Fragments of glass remained embedded in the empty socket, which also did not bleed.  The object was originally discovered wearing an embroidered leather collar; this was discarded.

SCP-8546 feeds strictly on animal meat.  Appears to lack a true digestive tract; does not defecate and instead vomits a slurry of waste material 1-3 hours after feeding.  Does not respire.  DNA tests indicate tissue is a mix of *canis familiaris,*Domestic dog. *homo sapiens,* and an unknown species of arthropod.  No nerve tissue has been discovered; object is not considered sentient. Mechanism of animation as of yet unknown.

The following changes to SCP-8546's condition have occurred since containment:

* Teeth were lost or destroyed at some point, likely due to wear and tear while feeding.  This was not discovered for at least two weeks, during which SCP-8546 was unable to effectively feed.

* During this period of fasting, SCP-8546 began to continuously secrete an acrid-smelling, mildly caustic white sludge from exposed areas of flesh.  Production of this secretion slowed but did not stop upon switching to liquified feed.

* SCP-8546 eventually began to tear out patches of its own fur and pull on edges of its torn skin.  This, in conjunction with skin incidentally removed when cleaning the object with pressurized water, eventually led to its current condition where only small patches of skin and fur are present.  This is not considered an issue for containment.

* SCP-8546 recently began to attempt to force its body through the 2 centimeter gaps between cage bars whenever personnel are nearby.  Initially this was unsuccessful and led to the loss of its remaining eye; however, the object eventually successfully forced its entire head and one foreleg through the gap, injuring a member of cleaning personnel in the process.  Cage electrified to prevent further incidents.

* During above incident, SCP-8546 was discovered to be capable of regenerating lost appendages with minimal ill-effects, including the head.  Severed tissue remains partially animate after removal. Regular harvesting of tissue samples for research purposes authorized.

* Repeated loss of appendages accompanied by electrical shocks has gradually disrupted SCP-8546's physical form.  Currently, only rear half of the object resembles a dog. Front half now more closely resembles a very large skinless tongue with a round feeding hole on the tip.

Despite these changes, personnel continue to describe the object's loud, continuous barking as extremely dog-like.

 << [SCP-8545](SCP-8545) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-8547](SCP-8547) >> 

=====

> **Filename:** Dog_in_a_cage.jpg

> **Author:** Fquasie

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Dog_in_a_cage.jpg

======
