**Item #:** SCP-8351

**Object Class:** ~~Uncontained/Keter~~ Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** ~~At the present moment, no reliable method of containing SCP-8351-1 (and consequentially SCP-8351) has been discovered, research regarding suitable containment procedures for both SCP-8351-1 and SCP-8351 is considered a B-level priority~~. SCP-8351 lies on a platform made of Recrystallized Silicon Carbide suspended 5 meters above the lowest point of the Darvaza Gas Crater,Coordinates are 40.252611, 58.439389. located near the village of Darvaza, Turkmenistan, by Grade 310 Stainless Steel wire ropes held by a 20 meter tall tower crane located 5 meters from the crater’s rim.

As of 10/21/20██ access to the region by the general public has been prohibited and its inhabitants relocated in order to preserve the Foundation’s secrecy. Live satellite recordings and imagery of the region available on the World Wide Web have been either removed or had its live feed frozen on a date prior to the subject's containment.

The platform and wire ropes are to be replaced every 3 years, during this process MTF Gamma-60 “Zookeepers” must be present in order to prevent any damage caused by SCP-8351-1. 

    	

**Description:** SCP-8351 is the corpse of an adult male identified as Michael Berlowitz, a Harvard student who went missing during ████████, in [DATA EXPUNGED]. The subject appears to have been completely exsanguinated and had its internal organs replaced with hand-made replicas composed of flesh from different species of animals, it has also been carved with a variety of unknown symbols across its arms and legs. The subject emanates a strong smell of unknown origin speculated to be a mixture of rotten flesh, bleach, blood and urine.

Under normal circumstances, a seemingly endless influx of animals, like cockroaches, flies, larvae, beetles and many other types of animal, (See Addendum 8351-A) continuously emerges from the inside of SCP-8351, generally from the subject’s nostrils, ears, mouth and torso, although it is not uncommon for instances to emerge from below the item’s skin, rupturing it in the process. Each individual instance is referred to as SCP-8351-1. Instances that remain inside SCP-8351 will occupy any available space inside the subject. Due to the constant emerging of instances, the ones that don't emerge are generally crushed, forming a gelatinous substance similar to pus that excretes from each of SCP-8351's orifices.

Instances of SCP-8351-1 are highly aggressive and will attack and attempt to feed off living beings, as well as any other organic or inorganic compounds, regardless of the subject's ability to digest or even chew the compound (weaker instances exhibited the ability to chew through hard materials, like iron, wood and metal, making the containment of SCP-8351-1 ~~impossible~~ difficult through common means). After feeding, the instances’ aggression settles until they resume looking for food. None of the instances seem to acknowledge SCP-8351 and no attempts at consuming or interacting with it, beyond physical contact, were observed.

SCP-8351 exhibits an extremely high regeneration rate, being capable of healing any injury or fracture caused by SCP-8351-1 or by external factors within a few seconds. SCP-8351 is completely unaffected by methods that would normally result in partial or total destruction of a non-anomalous human corpse (See Addendum 8351-B). The subject also appears to be immune, or at least resistant, to the process of decomposition, a property that has been attributed to highly advanced embalming techniques.

**Discovery:** The government of Illinois reported a sudden and substantial increase in incidents related to bug infestations from the period of 04/26/2███ to 07/14/2███ in the city of Springfield. Agent S. ██████ and Agent P. ████████ were assigned to investigate the region for any possible anomalies.

Eventually, the agents came across an abandoned two-story household located on [REDACTED]. Upon entering the building, the agents reported hearing “an awfully loud buzzing” coming from the basement, upon verification, SCP-8351 was spotted in the middle of the room along with thousands of various insects. An agglomerate of larvae were seen emerging from the item’s mouth and another small group was seen consuming the eyes and skin of a deceased adult feline in a corner.

*Note: Upon removal of SCP-8351, the infestations ceased. The incidents were attributed to “irregular bug migrations influenced by global warming” by the media and news outlets; from then, any other mentions of this event have been successfully suppressed.* 

    

**Addendum 8351-A:** Given the nature of SCP-8351, the subject had to be retransferred twelve different times between various sites and numerous containment procedures were assigned, to no avail. Because of that, it was observed that the kinds of animals that emerged from the subject changed, to varying degrees, depending on the subject's location. The following is a report of the most expressive changes and the sites where those changes were observed, along with their approximate location.

<details>
<summary>+ Report #83515011</summary>

| Site | Aprox. Location | Instances observed | Incidents |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Site ██ | Located in an isolated desert in Texas, USA. | Several ants of the species Neivamyrmex nigrescens; Several flies of the species Drosophila mettleri; Four (4) scorpions of the species Hadrurus arizonensis; One (1) juvenile vulture of the species Cathartes aura. | Upon emerging, the vulture instance proceeded to attack nearby personnel, damaging equipment and slicing Dr. Paul Smith's neck. Instance terminated. |
| Site 8██ | Located near the South Pacific Ocean, in Chile. | Six (6) instances of catfish of the species Bagarius yarrelli; Four (4) barracudas of the species Sphyraena barracuda; One (1) shark of the species Carcharhinus melanopterus. | The shark instance was initially stuck inside SCP-8351's ribcage. D-9086 was instructed to remove the instance, which proceeded to bite D-9086's left arm off, killing him instantly. Instance retrieved into SCP-8351's ribcage and did not reemerge. |
| Site █ | Located somewhere in the South Pole. | Various species of blowflies (family Calliphoridae); Six (6) unknown quadruped mammals; Ten (10) seal pups of the species Lobodon carcinophaga. | [DATA EXPUNGED] |
| Site 32 | Located in Australia's Northern Territory. | Several flies of the species Musca vetustissima; One (1) crocodile of the species Crocodylus porosus; Three (3) spiders of the species Selenocosmia crassipes. | No incidents. All instances terminated. |
</details>

**Addendum 8351-B:** Due to the highly aggressive nature of SCP-8351-1,It's been estimated that instances of SCP-8351-1 were responsible for at least 89 incidents and 14 deaths amongst personnel since its acquisition by the Foundation. research regarding SCP-8351 has proven to be extremely complicated, requiring numerous resources in order to fend off SCP-8351-1 instances and follow through with the termination of dangerous ones while maintaining both personnel and material integrity. Because of this, the director of Site 32 issued a request regarding the neutralization of SCP-8351. The request has been approved. The following is a report of each method utilized in order to achieve SCP-8351's neutralization and their respective results.

<details>
<summary>+ Report #83517836</summary>

| Method | Results | Conclusion |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 5 kg of C-4 explosives were placed around SCP-8351, which were then detonated through the activation of a blasting cap. | No visible damage was done to the subject, although all instances of SCP-8351-1 were killed. | Unsuccessful |
| SCP-8351 was thrown into a commercial trash compactor. | Surprisingly, no damage was done to SCP-8351, wether internally or externally. | Unsuccessful |
| SCP-8351 was dismembered and each of its limbs were individually placed on an industrial shredder. | Although the shredding was successful, the remnants fully reconstructed themselves into SCP-8351 once more. At no point did SCP-8351-1 instances stop emerging. | Unsuccessful |
| A machine was built specifically in order to liquify SCP-8351, utilizing a mixture of high-temperature mechanisms and blades rotating at high speed. | The subject was successfully liquified, 2 minutes later, however, instances of SCP-8351-1 started emerging from the liquid. SCP-8351 fully reconstructed itself 5 minutes after liquification. | Unsuccessful |
| SCP-8351 was thrown into a rectangular glass structure filled with a mixture of sulfuric acid and hydrogen peroxide (a.k.a. Piranha solution).A highly corrosive mixture known for its ability to quickly decompose organic matter. | No visible damage was done to the subject and 60% of the mixture's volume disappeared. However, the emergence of SCP-8351-1 instances was reduced by 50% after a period of 4 days, in which no instances emerged from the subject. | Unsuccessful |
| SCP-8351 was placed inside a cremation furnace capable of reaching temperatures slightly above 900ºC. | No damage was done to the subject, however, no instances of SCP-8351-1 emerged for the next 5 hours. | ‎ ‎ ‎Successful |
</details>

**Addendum 8351-C:**

> I consider our last batch of experiments regarding this subject to be a success, although we didn't manage to neutralize it, we made an essential discovery.

> 

> Apparently, SCP-8351-1 will not emerge if we submit SCP-8351 to very high temperatures, and considering we can't use acid, although it was proven to be more effective, due to the subject's ability to drain liquids somehow. What we need is a consistent and powerful heat source that doesn't need constant reactivation or examination. Since I'm afraid we won't be throwing the subject into an active volcano, I came up with a better idea, however, there is still one issue.

> 

> The thing that meets these requirements happens to be a (quite famous) tourist spot. That means that we might have to mess with an entire country's economy if we want the subject to be contained. I hope the Council can understand that the pros vastly outweigh the cons in this situation. I expect a response in a timely fashion.

> 

> - Dr. J. Marley

= << [SCP-8350](SCP-8350) | SCP-8351 | [SCP-8352](SCP-8352) >>

=====

> **Filename:** 2532268472_717751dd92_c.jpg

> **Name:** Goat eating chain, Heeley City Farm

> **Author:** Tim Herrick

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/minkymonkeymoo/2532268472/in/photostream/)

=====
