.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

---

**Site-61 Anomaly DesignationFor on site purposes only, for all other usages please utilise proper SCP designation.:** HEX-B056, "Fig" (Biological Anomaly)

**Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-8331 is ~~temporarily~~ contained within a standard enriched biological entity containment chamber at Site-61. The chamber's environment has been regulated to imitate that of lowland Greece with occasional simulated rainfall and day/night cycle. The substrate should be sufficient to match that of the simulated environment, specifically to support the continued growth of the planted grasses and shrubs.

Edit: As of 20/10/2015, SCP-8331's chamber has been filled with various items following experimentation for enrichment purposes. This includes a large number of toys, cardboard boxes, a shallow pond, and a sand pit. SCP-8331's chamber has also been outfitted with standard biological decontamination chambers for any fruit provided by SCP-8331 to its visitors following the approval of a visitation schedule.

**Description:**

SCP-8331 is an anomalous biological organism resembling a small *Ficus carica* Greek Fig. composed of a red, sinewy flesh-like material measuring around three meters in height. SCP-8331 bears fruit that are outwardly similar to figs, however are composed of various muscle tissues and fatty components similar to those found within animals. Despite this, the fruits are described as incredibly juicy and sweet when consumed, and contain a significant number of essential vitamins, minerals, and nutrients. SCP-8331 itself doesn't seem to require any nutrients and only minimal water.

SCP-8331 is animate and friendly to ~~any~~ most fauna it encounters, especially humans. When SCP-8331 is aware of a nearby individual or animal, it will hurriedly walk over to them using a number of thick root-like protrusions and proceed to shake its branches, attempting to loosen some of its fruit for the individual to consume.

SCP-8331 was discovered in C████, Greece when it inadvertently stumbled upon a playground and began offering fruit to children before parents called animal control. An embedded agent in the area reported the entity as anomalous and containment was established with the cover story of an organised prank by locals being released to the general public.

Upon containment, a traditional prayer garland was located around SCP-8331's trunk. Translation efforts are ongoing.

---

**Addendum 8331-A: Testing Logs**

Following containment and establishment of SCP-8331's anomalous properties, testing was carried out in order to ascertain SCP-8331's intelligence and any further anomalous abilities. These tests were performed by Site-61's anomalous zoological expert Dr. Ymir.

<details>
<summary>Open Testing Logs</summary>

= **Test 8331-1**

---

**12/07/2015** 

**Supervisor:** Dr. Ymir

**Subject:** SCP-8331

---

**Test:** One (1) *Rattus norvegicus domestica*Common rat. is to be released into SCP-8331's containment chamber.

**Result:** SCP-8331 took notice of the subject almost immediately and began to slowly walk over. The subject watched as SCP-8331 approached, moving away whenever SCP-8331 got too close. SCP-8331 eventually began to sway its branches until one of its fruits detached and fell to the ground, causing the subject to walk over and begin consuming the flesh.

SCP-8331 remained still while the subject ate the fruit and moved around its legs. Subject occasionally attempted to chew on SCP-8331's legs, but was quickly and gently shoved away.

**Notes:** *It would seem that SCP-8331 is capable of reacting to a subject's reaction to its presence. SCP-8331 was shown to be very cautious when approaching a small skittish animal, suggesting it may have experience with similar creatures. Recommend attempting tests with both smaller and larger creatures to gain further insight. - Dr. Ymir*

---

@@@@

@@@@

= **Test 8331-2**

---

**12/07/2015** 

**Supervisor:** Dr. Ymir

**Subject:** SCP-8331

---

**Test:** One (1) *Bos taurus*Domestic cow. is to be released into SCP-8331's containment chamber.

**Result:** SCP-8331 takes notice of subject's presence and walks over at a brisk pace. Subject inspects SCP-8331's leaves before finding the fruiting bodies in its branches. Subject then begins eating SCP-8331's fruit and quickly consumes its entire supply.

Subject continues to inspect SCP-8331's branches and attempt to bite off some of the more leaf like appendages, causing SCP-8331 to pull away and move to the opposite side of the chamber. SCP-8331 then spent the rest of subject's time within the chamber moving to avoid it while its fruit slowly regrew.

Once some fruit had reached a larger size, SCP-8331 returned to the subject and repeated the process once the fruit were consumed.

**Notes:** *SCP-8331 is very tolerant of creatures that may cause it harm. I'm currently not sure why this is, as even the most domestic of animals tend to react with hostility or fear when being injured. SCP-8331's behaviour seems to be more like an automaton than an animal, will have to test SCP-8331's capacity for thought and reaction to more predatory creatures.  - Dr. Ymir*

---

@@@@

@@@@

= **Test 8331-3**

---

**14/07/2015** 

**Supervisor:** Dr. Ymir

**Subject:** SCP-8331

---

**Test:** Thirty (30) *Locusta migratoria*Migratory Locusts. are to be released into SCP-8331's containment chamber.

**Result:** SCP-8331 Immediately takes notice of the subjects as they approach it. SCP-8331 reacts by creating a low groaning sound and shaking its leaves violently. As the subjects fly into SCP-8331's branches (presumably attracted by the scent of SCP-8331's fruit), SCP-8331 begins to run around the chamber, brushing its leaves up against various surfaces and attempting to swat the subjects with its branches.

After approximately 10 minutes of this behaviour, the test is ended. However, upon removal of the living subjects, all quickly expired within the next hour from acute poisoning having ingested a significant amount of biological pesticides. These compounds were not found within SCP-8331's anatomy during initial biopsy, however further investigation revealed that SCP-8331's leaves and fruit can produce highly toxic substances in response to various pests. These compounds have proven to only be toxic to arthropods and do not pose a danger to humans.

**Notes:** *Fascinating. I was very curious as to how SCP-8331 managed to drive off pests considering its essentially a giant walking banquet of fruit and meat. This compound could be highly useful in future if we can synthesize it, but for now I think causing SCP-8331 undue stress would be detrimental to our work here. - Dr. Ymir*

---

@@@@

@@@@

= **Test 8331-4**

---

**14/07/2015** 

**Supervisor:** Dr. Ymir

**Subject:** SCP-8331

---

**Test:** One (1) *Felis catus*Domestic cat. is to be released into SCP-8331's containment chamber.

**Result:** SCP-8331 takes notice of the subject immediately and begins slowly walking over to them. Subject hisses and growls at SCP-8331, with SCP-8331 reacting by ceasing movement and bending its branches down to the subjects level.

Subject approaches and inspects SCP-8331, who remains completely still. After a few moments, the subject calms down and inspects the fruit hanging from SCP-8331. Subject them begins licking and biting at the fruit which detaches and falls to the ground. SCP-8331 stands back up, and rests its base on the ground next to the subject, who is now eating the fruit and purring.

After consumption, subject climbs up SCP-8331 and into its branches, where it remained for the remainder of the test, falling asleep.

**Notes:** *Interesting, SCP-8331 didn't react to the subjects claws when it climbed its trunk. No doubt it caused the same pain response as the other subjects, this might mean SCP-8331 has some idea of intent? In any case, it seems to get along with cats just fine. Might have to factor that in for enrichment.*

*In the meantime, I think it's time for some human exposure. Morgan has been pressing to interact with SCP-8331, says she thinks it's cute. I think I'll give her a chance. - Dr. Ymir*

---

@@@@

@@@@

= **Test 8331-5**

---

**17/07/2015** 

**Supervisor:** Dr. Ymir

**Subject:** SCP-8331

---

**Test:** Junior Researcher T. Morgan is to enter SCP-8331's chamber and interact with it utilising a series of common animal befriending techniques and gauge SCP-8331's response.

**Result:** Upon Morgan entering SCP-8331's chamber, she was immediately noticed by SCP-8331. SCP-8331 excitedly ran over to Morgan and began running around her, with Morgan speaking to it. Morgan reached her hand out to SCP-8331, who stopped running and leaned its branches down towards her.

Morgan spent a few minutes reaching through SCP-8331's branches and scratching at various areas to garner a response, which was done successfully in multiple areas (it is noted that SCP-8331's favourite spots to be scratched are at the bases of its branches, and its trunk).

Afterwards, SCP-8331 leant the branches bearing the most fruit down towards Morgan, who happily took one and began to eat, to which SCP-8331 began running around excitedly shaking its leaves. (Morgan was reprimanded for not following safe decontamination protocols).

Morgan then sat down in a corner, beckoning for SCP-8331 to come join her. SCP-8331 ran over and sat beside Morgan who occasionally scratched its trunk. SCP-8331 was noted to be completely still during the remainder of its time in the chamber, presumably resting.

**Notes:** *Well, I suppose Morgan had the right idea. SCP-8331's behaviour seems to be close to that of a cat or dog, with intelligence possibly even higher. After this interaction Morgan has been pestering me constantly for continued testing with her involvement. I don't see why not, although I'll have to pass on her reprimand as well.*

*Those fruit do look really good though... -Dr. Ymir*

---

@@@@

@@@@

= **Test 8331-6**

---

**18/07/2015** 

**Supervisor:** Dr. Ymir

**Subject:** SCP-8331

---

**Test:** Junior Researcher T. Morgan is to enter the chamber and engage with SCP-8331 through verbal communication and positive reinforcement.

**Result:** After Morgan entered the chamber, SCP-8331 excitedly ran over to her and began running in circles, rubbing up against her, and offering its fruit. After calming SCP-8331 down, Morgan began the training while reinforcing the name 'Fig', chosen for SCP-8331 by attendant staff for this purpose.

| Training | Outcome |
| --- | --- |
| "Stay" Command | Successful |
| "Come" Command | Successful |
| "Sit" Command | Successful |
| "Lie Down" Command | Failure, SCP-8331 does not react positively to being prone |
| "Fetch" Command | Successful, SCP-8331 does not have the articulation to grasp objects, however it learned to kick objects with its legs back to Morgan |
| "No" Command | Successful, however SCP-8331 reacted very negatively to being scolded, offering Morgan its fruit afterwards. |
| "Speak" Command | Failure *(It's a tree, come on guys.)* |
After the training had concluded (taking approximately four hours total), SCP-8331 sat down to rest in a corner of its containment chamber with large amounts of foliage. A rumbling could be heard coming from SCP-8331 after it came to rest, described as being similar to a cat's purr.

**Notes:** *SCP-8331's intelligence is quite shocking. It learned all this behaviour in such a short time that it seems to surpass the smartest canines, possibly even approaching that of dolphins or primates.*

*I've recommended that Morgan be given lead on SCP-8331's training and study as well, as it seems to have imprinted on her and I have more pressing matters to attend to, I'm sure she will be elated at the opportunity. - Dr. Ymir*

---

@@@@

@@@@

</details>

Following experimentation and socialisation training with SCP-8331, all research and testing regarding SCP-8331 has been handed over to the recently promoted Researcher T. Morgan by Dr. Ymir's recommendation. All further research into SCP-8331 will be lead by Researcher Morgan and any updates regarding SCP-8331's condition and decisions will be forwarded to her.

---

**Addendum 8331-B: Email Logs**

<details>
<summary>Open Email Logs</summary>

@@@@

**To:** Dr. Ymir

**From:** Researcher Morgan

**Subject:** Thank you!!

---

Just letting you know Rachael that I am incredibly thankful for the promotion and the lead on SCP-8331's research. I know you didn't do it just because of my experience and that you had other matters to attend to, but I'm still super *super* grateful!!

I'd also like to make a request to allow for regular visitations to SCP-8331's chamber for on site staff. I know she's only here temporarily, but I think she would be a great help in relieving stress from all of the team! It might help them realise that not all anomalies are like the monsters kept here.

You can count on me to get the most out of this! :)

- Tessa

@@@@

**To:** Researcher Morgan

**From:**Dr. Ymir

**Subject:** Re:Thank you!!

---

Hi Tessa,

You are very welcome. Keep in mind that while I do have other issues that need attention, your dedication to the Foundation and your skills in this particular area have been invaluable in our research. Don't think I promoted you just because I needed someone to take over, I expect a lot out of your lead on this project.

As an aside, please remember to keep emails as professional as possible as they are usually logged for posterity, especially when submitting requests such as this.

That said, I have approved your request for permanent containment due to SCP-8331's imprinting on you, and also approved for supervised visitations for staff. Staff will have to submit a request for a time slot to visit SCP-8331 by your approval. A general notice will be given out tomorrow.

- R. Ymir

(P.S. Translation on the garland around SCP-8331's trunk is top priority, as it may hold insight into its origin.)

@@@@

@@@@

**To:** Dr. Ymir

**From:** Researcher Morgan

**Subject:** Re:Re:Thank you!!

---

Hi Rachael,

Thanks so much for approval! I'm sure all of us here will benefit from having Fig as a part of our daily lives. Apologies about the unprofessional email earlier, I might have gotten a bit too excited. I will begin work on organising a system by which staff can interact with SCP-8331.

Thanks again!

- Tessa

(P.S. The translation team is hard at work, I'll let you know when we make progress. We're waiting on some outside help at the moment.)

@@@@

</details>

---

**Visitation - SCP-8331**

<details>
<summary>Open Visitation Notice</summary>

@@@@

**To:** General Site-61

**From:** Dr. Ymir

**Subject:** SCP-8331 Visitation Announcement

---

To all staff of Site-61, this is a notice to inform you all that visitations to SCP-8331's chamber are now open to anyone who wishes to submit a request.

SCP-8331 (Also known as 'Fig') has undergone extensive testing and training and has been deemed as perfectly safe for interaction. SCP-8331 has also been given permanent residence at Site-61 for increasing site morale. We do ask that anyone accepting fruit from SCP-8331 place it in the provided decontamination chambers before consumption.

Anyone wishing to request a slot may contact Researcher Morgan or her team.

Thankyou.

- Dr. Ymir, head of Zoological Studies

@@@@

</details>

<details>
<summary>Open Visitation Log</summary>

The following is a generalised monthly visitation log for SCP-8331. For a full daily log, please contact Researcher Morgan or her team for access.

| Month | Visitors | Notable Incidents |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 08/2015 | 121 | No notable incidents. |
| 09/2015 | 156 | No notable incidents. |
| 10/2015 | 87 | SCP-8331's chamber had to be quarantined following an outbreak of non-anomalous  Fig Rust. SCP-8331 recovered after one week and showed no lasting effects. |
| 11/2015 | 112 | No notable incidents. |
| 12/2015 | 203 | SCP-8331 and its chamber was decorated with seasonal decor for Christmas, along with a Christmas party. SCP-8331 was reported to be highly enthusiastic about the festivities, causing minor property damage in the process. Party was nonetheless deemed a huge success. |
| 01/2016 | 104 | No notable incidents. |
| 02/2016 | 98 | No notable incidents. |
| 03/2016 | 81 | SCP-8331's chamber suffered a climate control related failure resulting in detrimentally low temperatures. Maintenance was scheduled as SCP-8331 was removed from the chamber to the general break area for the duration of the process, coinciding with Incident-S-61-230316. See log for further details. |
</details>

---

**Incident S-61-230316**

<details>
<summary>Open Incident S-61-230316</summary>

On 23/03/16, Site-61 experienced a security breach within its biological containment area involving a highly lethal predatory anomaly. Multiple personnel were killed during the initial breach with the anomaly being successfully recontained after a rampage through the facility.

The anomaly had managed to weaken its chamber security over the course of two months before finally breaching the blast door and making its way to the general break area in which a large number of personnel and SCP-8331 were located at the time. When the anomaly in question entered the room, SCP-8331 moved towards it and began to shake its leaves violently causing its fruit to be ejected at high speeds into the anomaly's face and into its eyes. It's presumed the toxins contained within these launched fruit caused the entity to be temporarily blinded.

The anomaly reacted violently to this, however, resulting in damage across SCP-8331's trunk and branches from the anomaly's large sharpened claws. The distraction, however, allowed for evacuation of personnel and eventual pacification and recontainment by security personnel.

Unfortunately, three personnel were lost in the attack, including Researcher Morgan who had attempted to move SCP-8331 to safety instead of retreating. SCP-8331 was found after the anomaly's recontainment next to the corpse of Researcher Morgan, gently and repeatedly dropping fruit into and around her hands and on her lap.

SCP-8331 was placed back in containment, but has since been far less energetic when interacting with people, spending most of its time in the corner of its chamber resting.

</details>

---

**Addendum 8331-C: Email Logs**

The following is a log of email communication between Dr. Ymir and Researcher Morgan, logged for posterity following Incident S-61-230316. This was the final communication from Researcher Morgan's email prior to Incident S-61-230316. Dr. Ymir has since taken over as project lead of SCP-8331.

<details>
<summary>Open Email Logs</summary>

@@@@

**To:** Dr. Ymir

**From:** Researcher Morgan

**Subject:** Request for SCP-8331

---

Hi Rachael

Just an update letting you know that having SCP-8331's regular visitation schedule has been a massive boon for site morale. Everyone including myself just adore her! And she is always so excited to be around people. The visitation requests have been piling up each month and we've seen a marked increase in productivity and a decrease in stress, or so I'm told by our analysts. 

While research has slowed regarding new info on SCP-8331, it has lead to some new insights into anomalous anatomy that the Biological Studies Department have been eager to utilise in their projects, so it's been a real win!

As an aside, SCP-8331's chamber is undergoing maintenance and I'd like to request permission to take her out of containment to the general areas so she can interact with some of the staff instead of waiting inside a temporary chamber. I'd like to spend some time with her before heading on leave next week.

Looking forward to your response, thanks so much!

- Tessa

@@@@

**To:** Researcher Morgan

**From:**Dr. Ymir

**Subject:** Re:Request for SCP-8331

---

Hi Tessa,

Sorry for the delay. I am very happy to hear that things are working out. You've done an amazing job so far and I am incredibly impressed with how well you've handled both the care and study of SCP-8331 over the past few months. Well done.

I can allow SCP-8331 out for a short time in the general break area, but movement will have to be very limited. Try to keep SCP-8331 calm during this time as we don't want it getting too excited and potentially causing damage to property. It's a mobile tree after all.

And of course I cannot permit any consumption of SCP-8331's fruit during this time, you will be wholly responsible for SCP-8331 and any issues that arise. There is a serious and urgent security issue involving another anomaly that demands my immediate attention so I cannot divert any security resources if anything happens.

Be careful.

- R. Ymir

@@@@

@@@@

**To:** Dr. Ymir

**From:** Researcher Morgan

**Subject:** Re:Re:Request for SCP-8331

---

Of course, I will keep her on a tight leash and make sure she stays as calm as possible. Don't worry about us, we'll be just fine.

Thanks as always, Rachael :)

- Tessa

@@@@

@@@@

</details>

---

**Addendum 8331-D: Garland Translation**

On 15/04/2016, the garland around SCP-8331's trunk was successfully translated using a number of archaic languages and consultation with Nälkä anthropologists. 

The translated text can be found below.

<details>
<summary>Open Translation</summary>

> = *Oh beautiful Sykea. Sweet and gentle Sykea.*

> = *In my name as Goddess of Grain and Karcist of the Nälkä, go forth and share the bounty of Olympus to all.*

> = *Feed those who are hungry, love those who are needy, shelter those who are lost.*

> = *Even if we ourselves lose our way, never lose your heart, my darling Sykea, and protect them always.*

> = *In the name of the Ion, lover of all mankind.*

</details>

---

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-8330](SCP-8330) | SCP-8331 | [SCP-8332](SCP-8332) >>

=====

> **Filename:** fig

> **Author:** Vicenç Salvador Torres Guerola

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 3.0

> **Source Link:** Adapted from [> **Filename:** Fig3

> **Author:** Rob Hille

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** <https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ficus_carica_1.1R.jpg](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Senyalitzaci%C3%B3_ruta_Llacuna_del_Samaruc_(Algemes%C3%AD,_Ribera_Alta,_Pa%C3%ADs_Valenci%C3%A0).jpg>)

=====
