⚠️ **Content Warning:** CW: Child death. Brief mention of terminal illness.

.orderwrapper {position: relative;width: auto;text-align: center;}.council1 {position: relative;top: 0;bottom: 0;left: 0;right: 0;width: 295px;height: 295px;margin: auto;background-image: url( "https://kaktuskontainer.wdfiles.com/local--files/format-hell/scp_trans.png" );background-size: 295px 295px;background-repeat: no-repeat;background-position: center;}.ordertitle {position: absolute;left: 0;right: 0;top: 38px;}.ordertitle h1 {font-size: 220%;color: #555;}.orderdescription {position: absolute;left: 0;right: 0;top: 85px;width: 100%;}.orderdescription p {font-size: 90%;color: #555;}.orderdescription h1 {font-size: 120%;color: #555;}.itemno {position: absolute;left: 0;right: 0;bottom: 27px;}.itemno h1 {font-size: 170%;color: #555;}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

.danke{

padding: 5px 5px 5px 15px;

margin-bottom:10px;

font-family: monospace;

font-size: 1.1em; }

.agent{

background-color:#002200;

border: 3px solid #55AA55;

color: #77CC77;

}

.site{

background-color:#222200;

border: 3px solid #AAAA55;

color: #DDDD77;

}

**Special Containment Procedures**: Currently SCP-8101 is contained in a 98 square meter hangar located at Site-09. Due to the events surrounding SCP-8101-3 testing has been permanently suspended. Personnel are not to attempt to use SCP-8101 without the express consent of ~~Dir. Clarkson~~ acting Dir. Stanhope. Items dispensed by SCP-8101 currently in containment are to remain in standard non-humanoid hermetically sealed containers. Personnel experiencing feelings of regret, longing, or remorse, especially in regard to deceased family members, are not to interact with SCP-8101 under any circumstances, and are to instead report for full psychological evaluations.

---

**Description**: SCP-8101 is the current designation for a standard, 243 cm by 259 cm, red titanium storage container. SCP-8101 appears to be worn, with the paint having been roughly peeled off on the upper left, lower right, and center left corners. Although SCP-8101 seems to be heavily battered, it is otherwise structurally sound. The upper portion of SCP-8101 bears markings similar to symbols used by the Oneiroi Collective, although they appear to have been crudely painted on. Unless SCP-8101-2's requirements have been met, SCP-8101 cannot be opened. Furthermore, recording devices do not function upon being placed inside it.

Attached to the rear of SCP-8101 are a series of twenty-four electrical cables, all but six of which are connected to the left, right, and top of SCP-8101. The rest of the cables are attached to what appears to be a modified EEG cap, henceforth referred to as SCP-8101-1. Although a wooden bed frame was initially attached to SCP-8101, it was determined that as long as SCP-8101-1 is used by the subject, where they sleep is irrelevant, provided that the majority of the electrodes remain attached to the subject's head. If the subject successfully enters R.E.M sleep while wearing SCP-8101-1, they will be immediately presented with an Apple II computer henceforth known as SCP-8101-2. SCP-8101-2 will only manifest within the affected subject's dream, and manifestation will interrupt any dream currently in progress. 

SCP-8101-2 itself displays only one command, the word "Request?" Upon entering their requested item, the subject will proceed to dream normally and will receive their item upon awakening. However, it is theorized that the subject will not receive an item if it is too large to fit inside SCP-8101. Furthermore, SCP-8101-2 will not manifest before subjects who do not experience, or are not experiencing, intense feelings of regret or remorse. Due to this, instances dispensed by SCP-8101 are usually of a personal and/or meaningful nature to the subject(s) in question. However, subjects not experiencing regret(s), or subjects who ask for an item unrelated to their regret(s), will instead receive an error message asking them to "try asking again later." 

---

**Discovery**:

SCP-8101 was first brought to the Foundation's attention after a pamphlet for the "Irio-Neo clinic" was discovered on the windshield of Dir. Clarkson's car.  Which, at the time, was parked in front outside ██████ Cemetery.  It is currently unknown as to the origins of the pamphlet, nor if its original owner had any knowledge of Dir. Clarkson's involvement with the Foundation. Below is a transcript of the pamphlet. 

<details>
<summary>Irio-Neo Pamphlet</summary>

> ##blue|Namaste!## 

> 

> My name is Dr. Irio and if you're reading this, the fates have brought you to me.

> 

> Do you have feelings of dread? Anxiety? What about a lack of closure? If you answered 'yes' to any of these questions than you might benefit from a trip to the Irio-Neo clinic!

> 

> At the Irio-Neo clinic we offer holistic, hypo-allergenic treatments for whatever might ail you. 

> 

> Just some of our treatments include:

> 

> Reiki with trained massage therapists.

> 

> Hypnosis and magnetic therapy to assist with combating negative energies. 

> 

> Guided meditation and crystal therapy for realignment of the chakras.

> 

> But maybe none of this helps? Maybe you're still not over that photo you lost in that fire? Or that doll you left at that rest stop? Our patented Dream Machine can help you get that closure, you'll be able to reunite with that which you lost, and maybe even move on too. 

> 

> If any of this sounds good to you, please don't hesitate to stop in for a free consultation at our clinic, which for your convenience is located at [DATA EXPUNGED]. We hope to see you soon! Signed Dr. Irio

> 

> 

> ** PLEASE NOTE: The Irio Neo Dream Machine is to only be used **ONCE** per patient, further usage by the same patient may result in distortion of requested items. Furthermore, the Dream Machine is **NOT** to be used to generate living humans, animals, or insects; failure to adhere to this rule could result in catastrophic consequences. Metaphysical and/or theoretical concepts are not to be generated by the Dream Machine due to the concern of causing distortion, to this end, patients are not to request things such as "happiness" or "room-temperature superconductor." The Dream Machine is **ONLY** to be used in extreme circumstances, and is **ONLY** meant to begin the process of closure **NOT** provide closure. The Irio Neo clinic is not responsible for injury and/or death resulting from misuse of the Dream Machine. The Dream Machine is a registered trademark of the Irio Neo clinic. **

</details>

Notably, prior to the pamphlet being discovered, Dir. Clarkson mentioned dreaming of his deceased daughter during a routine therapy, along with several concepts related to the Oneiroi Collective; he also admitted that he was planning to be at the cemetery on the same day as the pamphlet's discovery. Whether or not these events are related is currently unknown; however, investigations are ongoing to determine a possible link. A partial transcription of Dir. Clarkson's therapy session can be found below:             

 

<details>
<summary> Audio Transcript: 08/20/22</summary>

> [BEGIN LOG]

> ----

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** How would you say you're feeling, Elias?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I feel alright, I think I might be getting a cold though. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** I meant mentally. I feel I don't need to remind you what today is?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I'm well aware of that, but... 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** But?

> 

>**Dir. Clarkson:** But I don't think I really feel anything major.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** So, you don't feel anything at all?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I feel annoyed that someone I consider to be a good friend is asking me pointless questions, but no, I don't really feel anything too significant. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Are you still dreaming about her?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** Yeah, kinda, but not as much as before. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Do you want to dream about her more?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I don't know, my dreams about her are rarely pleasant. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Could you explain what you mean?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I'd rather not do that right now, I don't think it's too relevant.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan**: I would argue that it is.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** <Clears throat> Fine, uh, where should I start?

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Any dream will suffice. 

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** Uh, I dreamed this about a week ago. I was with her in a field, it was night and the clouds didn't look right. They were shaped like... eyes, and owls. There was this tree, and it had a big hole in the center of its leaves, the moon could be seen shining through on the other end. I woke up before I could figure out what any of it meant. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Did you have any other dreams about her?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I had one last night, she was riding this... sheep that had an old rotary phone for a head. She said that she had a gift for me, but that I would have to be patient.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Do you know what she meant by that?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** No, no I don't. Honestly I didn't put too much stock into it, dreams aren't really supposed to make sense. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** I see. Are you going to visit her after work?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I might, but I haven't really decided yet.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** I hate to ask this, Elias, but it has been a full month since, well, that. Are you absolutely sure that you're feeling alright? These dreams don't sound normal, and if you want I can authorize you taking some sick leave?  

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I know, I'm sorry, Morgan, but... you needn't worry, I'm okay.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan**: Are you sure you're okay?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson**: If I wasn't I wouldn't have been able to do my job for this long.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** There's a difference between being able to do your job and being able to process things.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** Maybe so, but still, I'm okay, Morgan.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** If you insist, but I'm here if you change your mind.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** <sighs> If that changes, I'll let you know, I'll do my due diligence but I really don't think you have too much to worry about.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** I hope you're right, Elias.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** Oh, I am, trust me.

> 

> ~~-~~

> [END LOG]

> ~~-~~

</details>

---

Following the discovery of the pamphlet, the Foundation investigated the listed location of the Irio-Neo clinic, and discovered an office space which was theorized to have not been used since the late 1970s. Furthermore, despite finding several more pamphlets for the clinic, as well as miscellaneous patient records, no other anomalies were discovered. SCP-8101 was found in the loading dock with a large tarp placed over it, and was recovered with no issues. Following recovery, testing commenced and was overseen by Dir. Clarkson.

---

<details>
<summary> Testing Log - 1</summary>

> Subject: D-19221

> 

> Regret: Having lost her mother's necklace.

> 

> Requested item: Her mother's necklace.

> 

> Result: SCP-8101 dispensed a single somewhat misshapen gold pendant. D-19221 stated that although it was not exactly as she remembered it, it was good enough. 

> 

> Notes: D-19221 requested to keep the necklace, which was granted on the grounds that she did not wear it during testing. 

> Subject: D-19651

> 

> Regret: Never getting to finish reading *Dune* before the Foundation detained him.

> 

> Requested item: One paperback copy of Frank Herbert's *Dune*. 

> 

> Result: SCP-8101 dispensed a single paperback book with Dune written on the cover in skewed white letters. Similar skewed text could be found throughout the entirety of the book. Furthermore, certain scenes, including the ending, in the book dispensed by SCP-8101 were not consistent with the original novel. Despite this, D-19651 reported feeling satisfied with the ending, and was glad to have had the opportunity to finish reading the book. 

> Subject: D-11112

> 

> Regret: Not being able to remember grandmother's face.

> 

> Requested Item: Photograph of grandmother.

> 

> Result: SCP-8101 dispensed a single photograph of an elderly woman posed with a young boy which D-11112 insisted was him. Further research discovered that although the boy was indeed D-11112, the woman in the photograph bore no relation of any kind to him.

> Subject: D-19194

> 

> Regret: Forgetting which brand of beer he was drinking with his brother before he died.

> 

> Requested Item: A bottle of beer of the same brand that he had been drinking at the time.

> 

> Result: SCP-8101 dispensed a single bottle of Bud-Light brand beer. Several letters on the label appeared to have been distorted, and D-19194 stated that it tasted "odd" and was somewhat "flavorless." 

> Subject: D-19211.

> 

> Regret: Failing to reconcile with his father before he died.

> 

> Requested Item: A way to apologize.

> 

> Result: SCP-8101 sputtered for approximately five minutes before dispensing a single sticky note reading "You are forgiven" in skewed black permanent marker. Although D-19211 insisted that the handwriting belonged to his father, it did not match any of his father's handwriting on record. 

>

</details>

---

<details>
<summary> Audio Transcript: 09/21/22</summary>

> [BEGIN LOG]

> ----

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I'm going to use it.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Hmm?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** The machine, I'm going to use it.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Elias, I have to strongly object to that, y-you don't know <Pauses and inhales> you have no idea what it might do to you.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I'm well aware of that, but frankly Morgan, <Stammers> I have to at least try. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** I personally would not authorize this if I were you.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** Well, you're not me.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Pardon?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** You're not me, Morgan.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Elias, what exactly makes you think that this is a good idea?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** All the D-Class I sent through? 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** What about them?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** No negative symptoms, none, in fact it only made their mental health better. I've had my men monitor them for a month now, they've run all sorts of tests, cognito, info, Scranton, identical replacement, etcetera. The point is <Pauses> absolutely nothing happened, nothing. If they were going to show symptoms it would've happened already.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** That still doesn't mean that you should use it, nothing physical doesn't mean nothing mental. Besides, how do you know you're not exposing yourself to those Oneiroi guys?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I have to at least try, I owe her that much.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** And if you are successful, what then? Assuming you do get her back, how do you know it's not a clone, or some sort of... physical manifestation of the Oneiroi or something? That's not even considering the possibility that it spits out her literal corpse, would you really want that, Elias? And let's say that you did get her back, do you know what they would do? They stuff her in a box or worse, terminate her. 

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I have to try Morgan. I just want more time, just a little more time. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Elias, listen, I...

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** <Shouts and interrupts Morgan> I don't want to hear it, Morgan! Do you know what I gave up for this job!? Birthdays, ballet recitals, school plays, her-her <Beginning to cry> her goddamned diagnosis! 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Elias, I...

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** Did you know who had to claim her body!? <Laughing sardonically while crying> Not me! I was forced to send 'Uncle Stanhope,' because the damn council wouldn't let me leave due to one of those endless K-class scenarios! <Exhales deeply> So, yes I will be using the machine no matter what you say, I need to make this right, Morgan. <Sighs> I'll try it with some D-Class first, but if that doesn't work, well, I'll cross that bridge if I come to it.

> 

> <tape abruptly ends>

> 

> ----

> [END LOG]

</details>

---

<details>
<summary> Testing Log - 2</summary>

> Subject: D-19224

> 

> Regret: Dir. Clarkson not having spent more time with his deceased daughter.

> 

> Requested Item: Dir. Clarkson's deceased daughter.

> 

> Result: SCP-8101-1 did not manifest and as a result the request could not be completed. 

> Subject: D-18223

> 

> Regret: Dir. Clarkson not having spent more time with his deceased daughter.

> 

> Requested Item: Dir. Clarkson's deceased daughter.

> 

> Result: SCP-8101-1 did not manifest and as a result the request could not be completed. 

> Subject: Dir. Clarkson.

> 

> Regret: Not having spent more time with his deceased daughter.

> 

> Requested Item: His deceased daughter.

> 

> Result: SCP-8101 sputtered before dispensing a single video tape.

> 

> Notes: Dir. Clarkson attempted the same test several more times, and received the same result each time. Following this Dir. Clarkson ordered all but one of the tapes be destroyed and demanded to immediately meet with PsyD Morgan.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary> Audio Transcript: 09/22/22</summary>

> [BEGIN LOG]

> ----

> **PsyD Morgan:** You wanted to see me, Elias? 

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** ... Was I a bad father, Morgan?

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** What do you mean?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I was never there for her in life, I never had the nerve to tell the O5s to eff off cause I'm going to take her to Disneyland, I-I never even knew what her favorite TV show was.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** You did your best in an impossible position, Elias. No one blames you.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** ... Maybe, maybe so. <Sighs> I-I-I sleep with some of her plushies sometimes, b-but I don't even remember which ones she liked. Frankly, Morgan I don't even know if she still slept with plushies.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** You knew more about her than you think you do.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** <Taps fingers on chair but does not speak>

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Well for starters what was her favorite food?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** That-that sugary cereal I never let her have.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** And it was always always in the cupboard, wasn't it?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson**: ... yeah, it was <Groans> Morgan I don't get what...

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** What about her favorite movie?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I don't? Uh, Finding Dory, she uh, she always liked the part with the octopus, said he reminded her of me. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Of course you remember her favorite video game?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** Morgan I don't understand what you're trying to do!

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Just answer the question, please.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** <Scoffs> Pokemon Sun, she would always laugh at how I would pronounce the names. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** And of course you know what her favorite place was?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** Morgan just stop please.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** I think you should answer the question, Elias. 

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I, ok, uh, her favorite place was... <Pauses and taps fingers> the back seat of my old Lincoln, especially after ballet. Uh, after her class I would buy her A&W. I could never stand the smell of it, not to mention all those grease stains, but I knew she loved it, <Swallows hard> and I could never bring myself to say no. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Speaking of never saying no, what did you get her for Christmas last year?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** Morgan you know damn well what I got for her.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** I can't help you unless you say it.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** A puppy, this uh, little brown lab. I'll admit I was never really too fond of dogs, but I also knew that she wanted one more than anything else. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Do you really think you were a bad father, Elias?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I-I don't know...

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** You know what I think? I think you were a great... you are a great father.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** Maybe, but, I uh, I couldn't save her, and I couldn't be there. Not when it mattered anyway.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Every moment mattered, Elias. The big ones, the small ones, the sad ones, and especially the happy ones. Those times you'd watch TV together even though it gave you a headache, how you said you would help her with her homework, how you would make those lunch box meals for her. Those are the moments that mattered.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I-I don't know. I-I-I, even now I failed her, <Beginning to cry> I couldn't bring her back, Morgan. I-I-I couldn't do it, there was nothing that I could do, <Chokes> the machine wouldn't bring her back. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Well, what did the machine do?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** All it did was spit out a VHS tape. <Begins speaking softly> You know it's funny, Morgan, we had this old tape player, and uh, and she always liked the noises it made. Sometimes I'd just play tapes with the sound off because it helped her sleep. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Did you watch it, the tape I mean?

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** No.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Well, I'd suggest that you don't, <Sighs> there are numerous things we can do now. I can try to arrange it so that you can see me more often, or I can recommend some paid leave? Or if you really want me to, I can try to get you some antidepressants, but keep in mind that's something of a last resort.   

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I just want more time, that's all. 

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** I'm so sorry, Elias.

> 

> [Approximately three minutes pass with neither Dir. Clarkson or PsyD Morgan speaking.] 

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** <Clears throat> Could I have some water please?

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** <Sound of a plastic bottle being opened> Sure, here you are. 

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** <Swallows hard three times, followed by the sound of something being placed on a wooden surface> Thank you. I was, uh, I was thinking about it and I think I might watch the tape.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Look I'll be blunt, Elias I really cannot recommend enough not watching the tape.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** But?

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** <Sighs deeply> But... after that stunt you pulled you'll be lucky if you aren't canned, so...

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** I might as well see what's on it, because I can't possibly get in more trouble?

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** You said it, not me.

> 

> **Dir. Clarkson:** <laughs slightly> Maybe so, I owe her that much, I guess, thanks... you, uh, probably won't hear from me again, but thanks for everything. I-I know what I have to do now.

> 

> **PsyD Morgan:** Of course, Elias, take care, and I hope you find what you're looking for.

> 

> ~~-~~

> [END LOG]

</details>
 

---

Shortly after the last interview Dir. Clarkson viewed the tape, henceforth referred to as SCP-8101-3, in order to ascertain its contents.

<details>
<summary> SCP-8101-3 Contents</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 09/22/22

**NOTE:** Despite the risks posed by viewing the contents of SCP-8101-3, Dir. Clarkson demanded that staff allow him to view it privately. However as per protocol standard recording devices were placed in the testing chamber with him.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

---

**00:01:** Tape opens with a message similar to a copyright warning, however the FBI insignia has been replaced by that of the Oneiroi Collective, furthermore the warning text has been entirely replaced by the phrase "read the fine print," repeated fifty times.   

**01:04:** The footage shifts to display a series of sheep of similar appearance to SCP-1498 grazing in a meadow before cutting to the inside of a house.

**04:04.45:** A girl resembling Dir. Clarkson's daughter can be seen sitting at a kitchen table, she can be clearly seen creating crude doodles resembling the Oneiroi Collective insignia. 

**04.45:05:** A man resembling Dir. Clarkson enters the frame, he is carrying two steaming mugs. The man places one in front of the girl, before sitting down across from her. 

**05:09:** The man and girl discuss several mundane topics, including the weather and what the girl wishes to do as an adult.

**09:12:** The footage abruptly shifts to what appears to be the inside of an auditorium during a high-school graduation. The faces of most of the audience, as well as the school staff, and graduation class are indistinguishable. However, a girl resembling a noticeably older version of Dir. Clarkson's daughter can be seen receiving a diploma.   

**12:14** A man off camera, presumably Dir. Clarkson, can be heard exclaiming excitedly, shouting several compliments and words of praise.

**14:20:** The footage shifts to a black screen which lasts for approximately fifteen seconds before jumping to a scene of an older man resembling Dir. Clarkson helping a young woman resembling his daughter remove objects from moving boxes and place them on various shelves inside of what looks like a college dorm. The pair exchange playful and somewhat wistful banter while unpacking. Notably the young woman is dressed in a t-shirt with the Oneiroi Collective's insignia on it. 

**20:29:** The Footage cuts to what appears to be the inside of an art gallery, several paintings depicting Oneiroi Collective insignias and concepts related to dreaming can briefly be seen. A banner reading "The Art of Abigail Clarkson," written in somewhat skewed text is visible in the background. Furthermore a woman in what appears to be her late 20s to early 30s is seen in the foreground. The woman is shown to be laughing while playfully mocking the cameraman for being a "silly old man."

**29:36** A black screen is displayed for three minutes before cutting to the inside of a church, the woman, now wearing a wedding dress, is seen being walked to the alter by Dir. Clarkson, who now appears to be in his sixties. 

**36:44:** The footage jumps to a now elderly Dir. Clarkson, who is smiling widely in a field while having a picnic with the woman and a young girl who greatly resembles the woman.

**44:56:** The footage abruptly jumps to a woman in her mid-forties, standing next to her is a girl in her teens, both are standing in a hospital room, and are holding the right hand of the cameraman. The cameraman can be heard attempting to reassure the pair who are crying softly while trying to smile. The scene slowly fades out until only a black screen is visible.

**56:60** Skewed white text can be seen on the screen for the remainder of the tape's duration. The text reads, "was it enough time?" 

---

[END LOG]

</details>

---

**Addendum:** 

Following his viewing of SCP-8101-3 Dir. Clarkson instructed personnel to deliver the following written message to the site of SCP-8101's discovery. 

<details>
<summary> Please Enter Level Three or Higher Credentials:</summary>

> To the Oneiroi Collective - 

> 

> It was enough, thank you.

> 

> - Director Elias Clarkson.

</details>

---

---

<< [SCP-8100](SCP-8100) | SCP-8101 | [SCP-8102](SCP-8102) >>
