{{**NOTICE**

This device is not connected to Foundation Intranet Services.

Move device into range or input into the terminal editor will not be saved.}}

 _

 _

**Item #:** SCP-8322

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8322 is to be contained outside of Provisional Site-XPY-362. Ingress and egress points of Site-XPY-362 are to remain thoroughly sealed and all personnel are to shelter in place until SCP-8322 has subsided or until support arrives. Personnel are advised to wear the appropriate Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) found in rear storage compartment of Site-XPY-362 Additional layers of clothing, additional coats, hand and foot coverings, blankets. . Available window coverings may be used to provide additional protection. Onsite Personnel are advised to maintain a consistent, moderate-to-high level of physical activity. Battery-powered means of lighting Site-XPY-362 and dispelling the effects of SCP-8322 are to be used intermittently as to maximize their containment effects and reduce kinetic waste. Personnel are discouraged from establishing Provisional Sites within SCP-8322's spatial or temporal radius, and from establishing such Sites alone. Provisional Sites within SCP-8322's spatial and temporal radius are to be abandoned as soon as support arrives. 

Personal devices and offline Foundation software may be used for distraction and morale until escape from SCP-8322 is possible. 

**Description:** SCP-8322 is a kinophagic Energy-consuming  effect located around Site-XPY-362. SCP-8322 alters organic and inorganic matter within itself through the consumption of all energy to which it is exposed. Objects affected by SCP-8322 exhibit a tactile sensory effect ranging from slight discomfort in its mildest form to excruciating pain in its most severe. SCP-8322 is a nocturnal effect, exhibiting increased severity after sunset.

SCP-8322 can utilize its kinophagic ability to alter the molecular state of matter, particularly that of dihydrogen monoxide. When exposed to the phenomenon, the compound is converted into substances designated SCP-8322-A and SCP-8322-B, which are closely related but with some differences in physical properties.  SCP-8322-A is a lightweight, loose particulate substance that, when compacted, becomes SCP-8322-B, a hard, dense, slippery material. These substances can be converted back into dihydrogen monoxide when exposed to sufficient sources of energy. SCP-8322-A and SCP-8322-B are both painful to the touch, and physical exposure to either Touching, consuming  can hasten SCP-8322's kinophagic effects. Prolonged exposure to SCP-8322 is fatal to both flora and fauna, but early injections of molecular energy can reverse the effects if administered before total or near-total kinophagia. 

**Addendum 1** - In the event of failure of battery-powered electronic anti-SCP-8322 devices during the anomaly's nocturnal cycle, personnel are advised to increase physical activity levels and to avoid long periods of physical stillness to prevent kinophagia by SCP-8322. Some early symptoms of kinophagia in humans include mild to severe shivering, general physical discomfort, and unease. ~~Effects of SCP-8322 can be mitigated or reversed through the conversion of spare PPE articles and other flammable objects into combustible fuel~~ Due to Site-XPY-362's lack of adequate ventilation without its battery, combustio n of objects is not advisable4. 

**addendum 2** - some symptoms Some symptoms of kinophagia include body t5remors and and tingling and numbness in extremities, including thehands, hands, nose, feet, toes and legs. Change in sk8in tones to red tones have beennoted

**History** personnel of site xpy362 were rescued from SCP-8322 at aproximately 03;25am

 _

@@*adden dum3**@@ - syymptoms includ of kinophagia include n umbness in hand andf fatigue and visual halucinations such as distant fl;ashing lights. reasearcher isnot advised to ope n door again Additional changes in skin tone incude black or purple. Researcher is not adv8ised to remove PPe to look.

adden dunm 34 reserchjer cAN a can ujse his l;aptop for u ntil batery stops. sym ptoms 9in clude burning sev4ere burningh. pPE sh9ould b e re4mov ed to sttop ov erheat

 _

aed -syumtom incluied f4ear Reasercheer is ad vised to stAy aswake ujntil wait for. s6tay in his car,. reserfcher may l;ook a6t the a8urora from the 2windshield ujntil someon

 _

 _

{{**NOTICE**

This device is not connected to Foundation Intranet Services.

Move device into range or input into the terminal editor will not be saved.}}

<< [SCP-8321](SCP-8321) | SCP-8322 | [SCP-8323](SCP-8323) >>

> **Filename:** snow.jpg

> **Name:** snow

> **Author:** つだ

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](https://flickr.com/photos/tsuda/5515912744])]
