=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8513

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Once the public discovers SCP-8513, the Foundation will deploy a cover story theorizing an atmospheric disturbance that prevents decay. 

Affected corpses are to be remanded to Foundation custody. 

**Description:** SCP-8513 is the corpse of Researcher Luke Grayson. SCP-8513 is currently undergoing a process of rejuvenation. Attempts to slow or prevent SCP-8513's regeneration are futile, as new damage to the corpse is impermanent. 

Researcher Grayson died after a fall from his apartment's window on December 6th 2029, before the Betelgeuse supernova. A novel form of radiation was detected worldwide by specialized Foundation equipment during and after the supernova. SCP-8513 emits high levels of this radiation.

The Foundation has deployed sensors in population centers to determine the extent of SCP-8513 contamination. These sensors showed high levels of emissions from the remains of every human who died before the event.

Affected corpses are regenerating at variable rates. Complete healing will likely occur by December 9th, regardless of how long they have been dead. Notably, those who have died since the event do not appear to be regenerating, even when exposed to 8513-related radiation.

The Foundation has no plans capable of dealing with the 103 billion humans who will resurrect tomorrow. We believe most of them will not be able to escape their graves.

=====

Without Parole

None

div.titlepreview { display: none; }

div.coauthors { display: none; }

======

<< [SCP-8512](SCP-8512) | SCP-8513 | [SCP-8514](SCP-8514) >>
