@@ @@

---

**Item #:** SCP-8118 @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@ @@  **Object Class:** Keter

---

**Special Containment Procedures**

---

 SCP-8118 is kept within Specialized Containment Site-74, abandoned with the express purpose of housing SCP-8118. All Foundation personnel  With the exception of individuals cleared by project FLAT BOX personnel.  are prohibited from entering SCS-74.

In accordance with FLAT BOX  ▓▓▓▓ ▓▓ ▓▓▓▓ ▓▓ ▓▓▓.  protocols, SCP-8118 remains unmonitored within the confines of SCS-74. FLAT BOX estimates place an end to containment and anomaly mitigation efforts within the next 15 years.

Despite the conventionally unpredictable fluctuations in SCP-8118-related anomalous activity and the high risk of psychological contamination from exposure to the residual anomalous effluence emitted by SCP-8118, the need for monitoring SCP-8118 and its adverse effect on all video recording equipment make it a necessity for a trained individual to enter SCS-74 at least once a year. Due to the high-risk nature of this assignment,  **6** ▓▓▓▓. **7** ▓▓▓▓.  only one individual may enter at a time.

The individual assigned to explore SCS-74, designated Observer,  ▓▓▓ ▓▓.   must document SCP-8118's anomalous effects within SCS-74 utilizing audio and video equipment provided by FLAT BOX, for a period of four hours. Following this, the Observer must exit the structure at the exit point. Due to the ramifications of allowing an individual to remain within SCP-8118 indefinitely, the Observer is equipped with a portable GIVEN CRY  ▓▓▓▓▓▓.  device, which they are to activate as a last resort in case exit becomes impossible. In case of activation, an emergency contingent of modified Scranton Reality Anchors are to rapidly increase the Hume levels around SCS-74. The Observer is to be considered lost.

---

**Description** 

---

SCP-8118 is an undefined anomaly that resides within SCS-74. All documentation on SCP-8118 prior to the abandonment of SCS-74 has been lost within the structure, making identification of the anomaly a priority for Observers sent into the building housing it. Due to the hostile terrain on location, as well as severe anomalous energy fluctuations within SCS-74, the information recovered from these assignments is limited at best. Debriefs following every attempt at exploration within the area of influence of SCP-8118 have revealed the following information:

* SCP-8118 is capable of altering the environments within SCS-74, spontaneously rearranging the internal structure of its environment. Despite this, SCS-74 will generally look similar to other Foundation sites constructed in the late 20th century.

* The interior of SCS-74 is devoid of natural light, despite the windows visible from the exterior of the structure. Artificial sources of light are noted throughout the site, although the environment remains poorly illuminated at all times. Theories surrounding a negative interaction between natural light and SCP-8118 have been widely accepted within FLAT BOX personnel, and its fundaments are utilized in the inner workings of GIVEN CRY.

* Doorways and hallways are particularly affected by spatial distortion within SCS-74, with several rooms connecting to their own entrances and exits. Despite this, the internal structure shows no signs of non-Euclidean topology, and the effect has been ascribed to sudden displacement of the Observer in conjunction with rapid changes in the environment.

* SCP-8118's alterations to the environment have been known to mimic familiar environments and favor certain common elements. This has been used to ascribe a degree of sentience to the anomaly, although this is unconfirmed at this time.

* Some level of psychic interference occurs as a direct effect of being within the range of SCP-8118's anomalous effect field. Observer subjects have referred to significant auditory and visual hallucinations that persist for the entirety of their assignment, compounded by spatial distortions that accent and accommodate said hallucinations. This has been observed in every exploration to SCP-8118, regardless of Cognitive Resistance Value or mental reinforcement of any kind.

* One of the few references to SCP-8118 within the Foundation's database that remains uncorrupted stresses the danger in allowing SCP-8118 to come into direct contact with brain matter. Although the significance of this warning remains unclear, the suggested courses of action in case this happens have been deemed severe enough to make this warning a top priority. The deployment of GIVEN CRY was determined to be necessary by the Ethics Committee in order to abide by this warning.

 

@@ @@

---

**Addendum-8118-A** 

*Documentation of Observer Assignment 15/02/2024.*

---

@@ @@

%%content%%

[!--

https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/fragment:scp-8118-1

https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/fragment:scp-8118-2

https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/fragment:scp-8118-3

https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/fragment:scp-8118-4

https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/fragment:scp-8118-5

--]

<< [SCP-8117](SCP-8117) | SCP-8118 | [SCP-8119](SCP-8119) >>
