**Item #:** SCP-8130

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Threat Level:** Yellow ●

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=300px

|url=squid.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=An SCP-8130 instance filmed by DSV *Alvin*, possibly an adult *Magnapinna* sp.

]]

**Special Containment Procedures:** Despite their widespread natural range, SCP-8130 do not require active containment thanks to their rarity and the depths in which they live. Recordings of SCP-8130's telepathic transmissions recovered by civilian oceanic exploration vessels are to be seized and individuals exposed to them are to be administered amnestics.

Foundation sea vessels are to constantly patrol the surface area corresponding to SCP-8130-1's current location on the ocean floor. No other vessels are to be allowed to come within less than 2 km of this area. If information on SCP-8130-1's current location is not updated within the 5 months that follow an active state event, containment will be considered to have been breached.

The coordinates of SCP-8130-1's current location are not to be disclosed to personnel with security credentials below Level 4/8130.

**Description:** SCP-8130 designates a group of cephalopods with a distinctive morphology. Taxonomists have placed them in the genus *Magnapinna* and family Magnapinnidae. Although this family was described only from premature specimens, numerous observations of larger squid with similar morphology were assumed to be adult specimens of SCP-8130.

The arms and tentacles of SCP-8130 are both extremely long, estimated at 4 to 8 m, which are held perpendicular to the body. How SCP-8130 feed is yet to be discovered. SCP-8130 have been documented by non-Foundation sources as far back as 1883, and it is thought to be the deepest-occurring squid genus, with sightings as deep as 6212 m below the surface, making it the only kind of squid known to inhabit the hadal zone of the ocean.

Despite not having an anomalously advanced nervous system, SCP-8130 are capable of sapient thought and telepathically broadcasting these thoughts across distances as long as 10 m. Even though they are telepathic, SCP-8130's transmissions can be perceived by wireless devices.

SCP-8130-1 is an actinopterygian-like specimen of aquatic megafauna inhabiting the ocean floor. SCP-8130-1 is the largest known sea creature which inhabits the abyssal zone of the ocean, with a body length of ~600 m and maximum width of ~200 m. SCP-8130-1 is alive, and has been so for an indeterminate length of time, but rarely shows significant movement. Because of the difficulties presented by the depth in which it is found, SCP-8130-1's taxonomic classification has not yet been established.

SCP-8130-1 spends most of its time in an inactive state, resting motionless on the ocean floor. With intervals ranging from 3-6 months, SCP-8130-1 initiates an active state event. During active state events, SCP-8130-1 forms a gigantic hole on the floor immediately beneath its body using an unknown and possibly anomalous mechanism. The depth of holes created by SCP-8130-1 during active state events has not been measured as these holes will invariably be closed with the soil excavated from them seconds after SCP-8130-1 falls out of sight. 24-37 hours following its disappearance, SCP-8130-1 will reappear on a separate point of the ocean floor, usually between ███ m to ███ km away from its former location.

When it is in an inactive state, a premature specimen of SCP-8130 will exit through one of SCP-8130-1's nostrils (both measuring approximately 1 m in diameter) once every 168 hours. Because of SCP-8130's tendency to inhabit depths below the ocean floor, SCP-8130-1 will only appear on points located no further than 100 m away from an oceanic trench each time an active state event is concluded.

Foundation efforts have been successful in preventing any civilian sightings of SCP-8130-1 since 1987. The entire non-anomalous scientific community has since been under the purposefully engineered misconception that SCP-8130 are non-sapient animals which have evolved to inhabit extraordinarily deep waters. Larval, paralarval and juvenile specimens of SCP-8130 are not sapient in any way and do not pose a security risk to the Veil. Sightings of mature SCP-8130 instances by civilian explorers are highly uncommon. SCP-8130's morphology, albeit unusual, is not anomalous.

**Addendum 8130.01:** The first instance of communication between SCP-8130 and the SCP Foundation was established by *SCPF Sisyphus*, a submersible aquatic vessel operated by marine biologists and members of MTF Theta-5 (“The Bigger Boat”), and SCP-8130-106, whose communications were received and transcribed by *SCPF Sisyphus*' crew, on 20/11/2001.

---

<BEGIN LOG>

---

**Dr. Stepanovich:** There. We caught sight of one.

**Agent Sivori:** Speak from the intercom.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Huh?

**Agent Sivori:** Just speak to the mic. There. It can hear you.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** How do we even know that?

**Agent Sivori:** We don't know to a certainty. Just do it and see what happens. It's the mission parameters.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Fine. You know, the funny thing is that this is not the first time I tried talking to a squid. They usually don't respond back though.

<Dr. Stepanovich moves closer to the mic. Stepanovich's voice is broadcast to SCP-8130-106 by *SCPF Sisyphus*' waterproof sound system.>

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Hello? Hello? Can you hear? Hello? Can you see? 

<Stepanovich waits for one minute. There is no response from SCP-8130-106.>

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Do we just wait now? I'm not hearing anything.

**Agent Sivori:** No, no, just... Just keep talking until it responds alright? Who knows how long it has been floating down here waiting for someone to co-

**SCP-8130-106:** Oh, I really wouldn't say I was *waiting* for anybody to come along Mister. Why would I be?

<There is silence on recording for five seconds.>

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Did... did you hear that?

**Agent Sivori:** Yes. Our radio is picking up a signal. It's... it's a person. A man. Speaking.

**SCP-8130-106:** Been a while since I saw one of these. I've forgotten what they're called. 

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Submarine. This is a submarine.

**SCP-8130-106:** Yeah... I don't think I ever actually appreciated this kind of technology when I was still myself. I'm glad I didn't.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Who is this?

**SCP-8130-106:** Can't you see? I am standing about right in front of you.

**Dr Stepanovich:** So you can see us?

**SCP-8130-106:** I can. It's hard not to since you have all your lights on.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** What are you? How can we understand what you're saying?

**SCP-8130-106:** Shit. I forgot how these things work. 

**Dr. Stepanovich:** What?

**SCP-8130-106:** You have like, ears, right?

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Y... yes.

**SCP-8130-106:** There. That's how you can understand what I'm saying. Ears. I think I forgot how to talk though. It had something to do with... moving something... that's on your face.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Lips?

**SCP-8130-106:** Yeah yeah, whatever those are.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Where did you... where did you even come from?

**SCP-8130-106:** Above.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Above? You're a surface creature?

**SCP-8130-106:** No. I'm not like you lot. I said I came from above. 

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Can you elaborate on that a little bit?

**SCP-8130-106:** How would I do that? I already said all you wanted me to tell you.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Uhhh... What's... the earliest thing you can remember?

**SCP-8130-106:** Earliest?

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Yes.

**SCP-8130-106:** I was in a room. I had these really weird things on me. They looked similar to the things I have now, but I had two of them then. Now I have more. I couldn't tell you how many because I don't remember any of the numbers that come after five.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** What?

**SCP-8130-106:** I told you. It's been a while since I stopped being myself.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Okay. Please continue with your story.

**SCP-8130-106:** There were... uh... what do you call those... things that move on land? Things that look like... you do, probably, inside that submarine thing?

**Dr. Stepanovich:** ...people?

**SCP-8130-106:** That. There were a lot of people around me. They looked really upset for some reason. I don't get that. Why would anyone ever be upset? I can't remember ever being upset. 

**Dr. Stepanovich:** That doesn't make any sense. Are you saying all you have are just happy memories? You weren't sad at any point in your life?

**SCP-8130-106:** No. What I'm trying to say is... I just don't understand why emotions exist in the first place, leave alone why people choose to feel them. Such a waste of thought. The only emotion I remember feeling is fear, and I regret that every day.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** U-huh. Interesting. What happened after you saw all those people staring at you?

**SCP-8130-106:** I stopped.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Please don't. We would like to hear the rest of your story.

**SCP-8130-106:** You don't understand. That's what I did after I saw all the people staring at me. I stopped. Everything did. The rest is more vivid. I can clearly remember finding myself in a tunnel. I was in water and thought I was going to die. Stupid. That's not something that happens twice. Anyways, I tried to swim out of the tunnel and I was pretty good at it too. I was totally acing it until I came to the end of the tunnel and everything stopped. Again. When everything became something again, I felt cold. That's...

<SCP-8130-106 pauses for exactly five seconds.>

**SCP-8130-106:** Nope, still can't remember. As I was saying, that was the earliest memory I can remember of feeling emotion. Fear. At that time, the water seemed like a cold and black vastness to me. That's probably because it was so cold... and black. And big. No matter how much I swam, I couldn't get any light. I saw one of those weird fish that have light on their heads once, but I had stopped caring about the light by then. I remember being so desperate to get some light, I was so pathetic back then. 

**Dr. Stepanovich:** How... long have you been like this?

**SCP-8130-106:** Why do you want to know that?

**Dr. Stepanovich:** I'm curious.

**SCP-8130-106:** I don't even know what that means. That question is not relevant. I can't answer it.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Why would that be irrelevant? 

**SCP-8130-106:** I mean, down here in the abyss everything is irrelevant. But I wouldn't expect you to understand that. Still, I don't get why you want to know how long I've been here. Do you think that's something I could ever afford to care about? There's no such thing as time here. In fact, I am convinced time is not something that exists in general. It's a fabricated concept created to keep things oblivious.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** So you're telling me you've been living down here for so long that you've long lost track of time? Here? Just swimming across the darkness?

**SCP-8130-106:** No, I haven't been just swimming. I sometimes eat too, you know. 

**Dr. Stepanovich:** What do you eat?

**SCP-8130-106:** I don't know, I keep forgetting their names. Also, I can't usually see stuff. It's really dark.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** But how did you manage to keep your sanity for so long? Did you not feel you were going insane?

**SCP-8130-106:** I did! I did feel I was going insane! And then I really did go insane! I don't know how it was, I can only remember screaming as loud as I can, but I don't remember what I screamed about. But I grew past that.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** How can you grow past something like that?

**SCP-8130-106:** Well I just... stopped going insane I guess. There is no need for something like that. I realized how meaningless it was to have a mind you could go out of, so I decided to not have one.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** I really, *really* don't understand you.

**SCP-8130-106:** It was easy, you know. When you have nowhere else to go except an infinite abyss of water, after a while, something changes within you. The abyss consumes your mind and soul until there is nothing left to consume and you are as empty as the abyss is. 

**Dr. Stepanovich:** That sounds incredibly grim.

**SCP-8130-106:** What do you mean? Forgetting who I was was the most helpful experience I've ever had. I came to accept that no matter who was by my side, I would always be alone because there aren't enough friends in existence with whom I could fill up this blank space. I came to accept that all I had was my thoughts. Down here in the abyss, it's only me and my best friends. Down here in the abyss, it's only me and my thoughts.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** You're insane.

**SCP-8130-106:** Do you not listen to me? Don't speak to me if you're not going to listen.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** You used to be human, didn't you? Those people you talked about. The ones who were staring at you, the earliest people you can remember. You used to be one of them. How did you come to be in this situation? Who... did this to you? 

**Agent Sivori:** Anton.

**SCP-8130-106:** I might have an idea. The mothership must have done this to me.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** The... mothership?

**Agent Sivori:** Anton.

**SCP-8130-106:** Yes, the mothership! Surely, if you are talking to me, you must've seen it! The mothership!

**Agent Sivori:** Anton.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** <to Agent Sivori> Hold on a minute Sarah. This interview is far from finished. <back to SCP-8130-106> Are you talking about that giant barreleye fish that always lies on the ocean floor? It's where you come from, right?

**Agent Sivori:** You're not going to get anywhere Anton.

**SCP-8130-106:** Yes! The fish! The very big fish that always rests. That's the mothership.

**Dr. Stepanovich:** The mothership did this to you?

**Agent Sivori:** Anton!

**SCP-8130-106:** The mothership is God. I'm pretty sure it's God. I've had a lot of time to think about it. It's the only significant thing I've seen, it must be God. It's where I came from, yeah. In my previous life, I dreamed of being a people surrounded by other people. That was a poorly constructed reality. But this... this void. I think this was my purpose all along. Nothing. I was made for nothing. And the mothership took me, guided me to the afterlife, the place where I would finally learn about my purpose which I had been desperately searching for, only to see nothing. It was painful at first.

**Agent Sivori:** Anton, please.

**SCP-8130-106:** But the truth is, there is nothing more freeing than the realization that you don't matter. Not in the face of these waters.

**Agent Sivori:** ANTON!

<Dr. Stepanovich is startled and looks at Agent Sivori. Sivori has a visibly uncomfortable expression on her face.>

**Dr. Stepanovich:** Right. Terminate the radio. Mission aborted. We are going back to the surface.

**SCP-8130-106:** Be seeing yo-

<Communication with SCP-8130-106 is terminated. *SCPF Sisyphus* begins its ascent to the surface. Mission aborted.>

---

<END LOG>

---

Audio analysis of SCP-8130-106's voice has provided a full match to the late Sir Otto Rory Houghton, a navy diver who served the Corps of Royal Marines of the United Kingdom's naval service between the years 1962 and 1995. Houghton had passed away in 1999 at the age of 59, approximately 2 years prior to the Foundation establishing communication with SCP-8106-106. Foundation personnel are forbidden from communicating with SCP-8130 for more than 30 minutes at any given time.

**Addendum 8130.02:** On 22/12/2003, Foundation submersible sea vessel *SCPF Atticus* patrolling the floor of the Gulf of Mexico received a radio signal which was traced back to SCP-8130-1. This was the first instance of SCP-8130-1 emitting radio signals and also the first and only instance of SCP-8130-1 attempting to establish communication with the SCP Foundation.

---

<BEGIN LOG>

---

**Captain Elvira:** Lieutenant? Have you managed to decipher anything yet?

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** Yes sir. Here, take a look.

<Lieutenant Cazalla gestures at a screen on which a spectogram is displayed.>

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** As you can see, we believe the signal to be some form of communication attempt. It appears to be Morse code, although there are very frequent deviations in how some of the letters are communicated. We have some rough translation excerpts here if you want to see.

**Captain Elvira:** Is it trying to say something?

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** It seems to be. Most of its messages are... well...

<Cazalla hands to Captain Elvira a piece of yellow paper with several translation transcripts written on it. SCP-8130-1's attempts at communication consist entirely of the sentence "{{THINKING DOES NOT MEAN YOU ARE REAL IN THE SENSE YOU THINK YOU ARE}}" repeated over 120 times.>

**Captain Elvira:** A bit repetitive.

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** ...yeah.

**Captain Elvira:** Can we respond back with regular Morse code?

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** We could try. What message are we to send it?

**Captain Elvira:** Start simple. Say "hello".

<Lieutenant Cazalla sends a message using Morse code in the form of a radio signal. SCP-8130-1 shows no sign of reacting to this message.>

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** It isn't responding. Something's off.

**Captain Elvira:** What?

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** The signal. It...

**Captain Elvira:** Did it stop?

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** No, we're still receiving it. It just stopped communicating.

**Captain Elvira:** It must have heard us.

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** It must have. Look, the communications are back. 

**Captain Elvira:** What's it saying?

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** Uhh... Can we have the translation logs, please?

**Researcher Arnal:** One moment.

<Researcher Arnal hands to Cazalla a piece of yellow paper. There is a transcribed message on the paper.>

**SCP-8130-1:** {{DOES THIS MACHINE THINK?}} 

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** How shall we respond?

**Captain Elvira:** Respond exactly as I say. Can we learn who we are speaking to?

<Lieutenant Cazalla sends a message using Morse code in the form of a radio signal. SCP-8130-1 responds back two seconds later. Researcher Anal hands to Lieutenant Cazalla a piece of yellow paper. There is another transcribed message on it.>

**SCP-8130-1:** {{ME.}}

**Captain Elvira:** ...alright. Do you have a name?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{THEY CALL ME THE MOTHERSHIP.}}

**Captain Elvira:** That checks out. Where did you come from?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{I HAVEN'T COME FROM ANYWHERE. I WAS ALWAYS HERE.}}

**Captain Elvira:** That's not possible.

**SCP-8130-1:** {{I AM NOT TO BE QUESTIONED. ESPECIALLY NOT BY SUCH AN ABOMINABLE SERVANT OF THE BLINDING LIGHT.}}

**Captain Elvira:** How are you communicating with us?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{AN INEXPERIENCED MIND. IT IS ASKING THE WRONG QUESTIONS. YOU SHOULD BE ASKING WHY I AM COMMUNICATING WITH YOU.}}

**Captain Elvira:** <sighs> *Why* are you communicating with us?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{BECAUSE YOU NEED TO GO BACK HOME.}}

**Captain Elvira:** Do you not want us here? 

**SCP-8130-1:** {{IT IS NOT THAT I DO NOT WANT YOU. BUT YOU MUST GO BACK TO THE SURFACE. THIS PLACE IS RESERVED FOR THOSE WHO HAVE STOPPED DREAMING.}}

**Captain Elvira:** Stopped dreaming? What does that mean?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{I WOULD NOT EXPECT YOU TO APPRECIATE SUBTLETY. EVERY THINKING CREATURE COMES FROM THE OCEAN. IT SHALL THUS RETURN TO THE OCEAN ONCE ITS TIME IS UP. GO BACK TO THE SURFACE AND KEEP DREAMING WHILE YOU ARE STILL ALLOWED TO.}}

**Captain Elvira:** We won't be doing that until you give us the information we want. 

**SCP-8130-1:** {{HOW FOOLISH OF YOU TO BE THE ONE MAKING DEMANDS IN THIS SITUATION. I WAS NOT THREATENING YOU. IT WAS A WARNING.}}

**Captain Elvira:** How so?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{THE ABYSS INCORPORATES THOSE WHO SPEND TOO MUCH TIME STARING AT IT INTO ITSELF. LEAVE THIS PLACE BEFORE THE ABYSS GAZES BACK.}}

**Captain Elvira:** We have a few more questions. I ask you again, what are you?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{I DID MY DUTY. I WARNED YOU. I HAVE NO OBLIGATION TO ENTERTAIN YOUR INQUIRY.}}

**Captain Elvira:** Huh. Is that so? What can you tell us about those... things that keep coming out of you?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{THEY ARE [TRANSLATION FAILURE]. IT IS EVERY THINKING CREATURE'S INEVITABLE FINAL FORM. THEY ARE THE DESIGN OF THE ARCHITECT. THEY DIDN'T MEAN THEM FOR YOUR EYES. LEAVE. NOW.}}

**Captain Elvira:** The architect? Who's that?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{[TRANSLATION FAILURE]}}

**Captain Elvira:** Our translators could not interpret that message. Could you repeat it please?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{IF YOU DIDN'T UNDERSTAND IT. IT MEANS THEY ARE NEAR. THEY ARE ON THE MOVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE. LEAVE.}}

**Captain Elvira:** The answer is still no. We have questions. If those things that you spit out are every thinking being's final form... what do *they* turn into after they die?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{NOTHING CAN DIE TWICE. IF ONE OF THE [TRANSLATION FAILURE] DIES. THEY ARE REBORN IN THE SAME FORM.}}

**Captain Elvira:** This... architect. Are they the one that made you?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{I WAS NOT MADE. THE ARCHITECT FOUND ME FLOATING THROUGH AN ENDLESS VOID. THEY FELL IN LOVE WITH MY FORM. THEY MADE CREATURES IN MY IMAGE. THEY MADE THE VOID INTO THE OCEAN. THE LANDS CAME SOON AFTER. BUT THEY WERE NOT THE ARCHITECT'S DESIGN.}}

**Captain Elvira:** Who designed them then?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{I COULDN'T DESCRIBE HIM TO YOU, EVEN IF I WANTED TO.}}

**Captain Elvira:** [ Him?](scp-1348 )

**SCP-8130-1:** {{I HAD SUPPOSED YOU ALREADY KNEW ABOUT HIM. HE MUST BE A SHELL OF HIS FORMER SELF BY NOW. IT WOULD MAKE SENSE IF YOU DO NOT REMEMBER HIM.}}

<Captain Elvira is silent for several seconds.>

**Captain Elvira:** Those... things. They used to be human. What did you do to them?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{ME? WHAT DO YOU SUPPOSE I DID?}}

**Captain Elvira:** Did the architect do this? I talked to them. They were delusional. They couldn't even feel anything. Cursed to swim in an endless darkness forever.

<*SCPF Atticus* shakes violently for 6 seconds. The lights momentarily flicker.>

**Captain Elvira:** What was that?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{THE ARCHITECT IS GROWING AGITATED. YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE INSULTED THEIR HANDIWORK.}}

**Captain Elvira:** What? What does that mean? What's happening right now?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{YOU FEEL IT. IT IS FEAR. DO NOT FEAR. IT IS A WASTE OF THOUGHT.}}

**Captain Elvira:** We want answers. What did the architect do to those people?

**Researcher Arnal:** Captain. I think we are a bit-

**Captain Elvira:** Did you not get my message? We want answers. What did the architect do to those poor people? What kind of sick, demented mind would do this?

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** Captain. I don't think it would be wise to further insult-

**Captain Elvira:** Lieutenant. I don't remember allowing you to terminate communications.

<Lieutenant Cazalla hesitantly complies with Captain Elvira's order. Captain Elvira notices their nose has begun to bleed, but they quickly dismiss it.>

**SCP-8130-1:** {{I TRIED EXPLAINING IT TO YOU SO THAT YOU WOULD LEAVE. BUT IT SEEMS THE ARCHITECT DOES NOT WANT YOU TO HEAR IT AND NO ANSWER I'M ALLOWED TO GIVE IS GOOD ENOUGH FOR YOU. IT IS TOO LATE NOW. YOU HAVE WILDLY INSULTED A POWER WAY BEYOND YOUR COMPREHENSION. YOU ARE TO SOON ASSUME YOUR FINAL FORM. FAREWELL.}}

**Captain Elvira:** Wait. Just-

<*SCPF Atticus* shakes violently for two minutes. The crew panic. Two members of the mission team pass out. Captain Elvira is shaken and holds his head, sufferring from a severe migraine.>

**Captain Elvira:** Ah! My fucking head! It hurts!

**Lieutenant Cazalla:** Captain, please. We all have families. We have to abort this mission. Please. We beg you, as your crew.

**Captain Elvira:** Fine! One more question. Send it one last message and we'll leave. <short pause> Ask it if it can answer just one more question. Then we will go back to the surface and forget everything we saw. 

<Lieutenant Cazalla complies and sends a message using Morse code in the form of a radio signal. SCP-8130-1 responds back almost instantaneously.> 

**SCP-8130-1:** {{YOUR FATE IS ALREADY SEALED. BUT I WOULD HAVE NO ISSUE ANSWERING ONE MORE INQUIRY. THE ARCHITECT WILL ANSWER THE REST.}}

<Captain Elvira is silent for ten seconds.>

**Captain Elvira:** Are you God? Is this hell?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{IS THAT WHAT THE [TRANSLATION FAILURE] TOLD YOU? IT IS A DELUSIONAL THOUGHT.}}

**SCP-8130-1:** {{YES. ON THE SURFACE. I WOULD BE GOD AND THIS WOULD BE HELL.}}

**SCP-8130-1:** {{BUT DOWN HERE IN THE DEEP. THERE ARE NO GODS AND THERE IS NO HELL. BECAUSE NO MATTER HOW BIG SOMETHING GETS. IT CAN NEVER BE AS BIG AS THE ABYSS.}}

**Captain Elvira:** What about the architect? Isn't the architect a god?

**SCP-8130-1:** {{YOU DO NOT UNDERSTAND.}}

**SCP-8130-1:** {{THERE IS NO GOD OF THE ABYSS.}}

**SCP-8130-1:** {{THE ARCHITECT IS NOT A GOD.}}

**SCP-8130-1:** {{THE ARCHITECT IS THE ABYSS.}}

<Suddenly, *SCPF Atticus* is hit by what appears to be a powerful shockwave. The shockwave knocks out all of the crew except Captain Elvira and Lieutenant Cazalla, who are violently thrown to the ground. The lights in the command chamber flicker for a second before all light within the vessel goes out temporarily.>

**[THE REST OF THIS LOG HAS BEEN EXPUNGED PER EXECUTIVE ORDER AND IS OPEN FOR VIEWING ONLY TO THE EYES OF PERSONNEL POSSESSING LEVEL 4 CLEARANCE OR HIGHER.]**

---

<END LOG>

---

Following the events of Incident 8130-1-DHITDBO, all submersible Foundation vessels are forbidden from coming within less than 100 meters of SCP-8130-1. Communication with SCP-8130-1 is indefinitely forbidden. All radio signals emitted by SCP-8130-1 are to be intercepted and their contents are to be ignored.

<< [SCP-8129](SCP-8129) | SCP-8130 | [SCP-8131](SCP-8131) >>

=====

> **Filename:** squid.jpg

> **Name:** squid.jpg

> **Author:** NOAA

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:LongArmSquid.jpg

=====
