@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Roboto:ital,wght@0,100..900;1,100..900&display=swap');

.scp-image-block {

    border: none;

box-shadow: none;

}

.overseer {

background: url(https://kaktuskontainer.wdfiles.com/local--files/format-hell/scp_trans.png) center no-repeat, white; 

text-align: center; 

margin: 0 auto; 

font-size: 20px; 

padding: 3rem;

color: black;

border-radius: 8px;

}

.header-box > .top-right-box {

    background-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/theme%3Apenumbra/logo.png");

}

.top-middle-box > .from-name-box, .to-name-box, .cc-text-box {

    color: #ededed;

}

.content-box > hr {

    background-color: #878787;

}

.footer-box > .bottom-left-box {

    border-left: 2px solid white;

}

.footer-box > .bottom-right-box {

    padding-right: 2rem;

}

/* IMPORTED FROM JEZIXO'S WONDERFUL SCP */

div#u-authorlink {

    text-align: center;

    color: rgb(187, 187, 187);

font-weight: 700;

margin-top: 0.5rem;

}

div#u-authorlink a {

font-weight: 700;

}

div#u-authorlink p {

margin: 0px;

}

.centerbox {

width: fit-content;

margin: 3rem auto;

}

.authorlink-wrapper {

    margin: 0px !important;

}

/* RAISA MEMO */

div[class$="_memo"] {

    background: var(~~memo-logo) rgba(var(~~memo-color), 1);

    background-size: contain;

    background-position: top center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    min-height: 4rem;

    margin-inline: auto;

    margin-block: 2rem;

    padding-inline: 20px;

    padding-block: 10px;

    border: solid 2px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

    text-align: center;

}

div.raisa_memo {

    --memo-heading: "NOTICE FROM THE RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION";

    ~~memo-logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local~~files/theme:basalt/RAISA_LIGHTLOGO.png);

    --memo-color: 255, 243, 173;

}

div.raisa_memo {

max-width: 36rem !important;

box-shadow: 0px 1px 1.9px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1), 0px 6px 15px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

padding: 0px;

margin: 3rem auto;

width: 95%;

background-position: center;

color: black;

font-family: 'InterVariable', sans-serif;

}

div.raisa {

background: rgba(255, 243, 173, 1);

border: 1px solid rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1);

box-shadow: 0px 1px 1.9px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.1), 0px 6px 15px -4px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2);

}

div.raisa_memo::before {

content: none;

}

.raisa-header {

    padding-inline: 0.5rem;

}

.raisa-background {

background: rgba(255, 243, 173, 0.8);

}

div.raisa-content {

    max-width: 26rem !important;

    text-align: left;

    margin-inline: auto;

padding: 1rem;

}

.raisa-divider {

    display: block;

    background: rgba(0,0,0,0.1);

    height: 2px;

    width: 100%;

}

.text-notice {

    font-size: 1rem;

    font-weight: bold;

}

.text-raisa {

    font-weight: bold;

    font-size: 1.4rem;

}

by 

NOTICE FROM THE

RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

Due to the sensitive diplomatic situation, names of involved countries have been censored. Speak to your Site Supervisor if you feel it necessary to view an unredacted version of this document.

In addition, the names of uninvolved civilians have also been redacted. We view their involvement as ended, and these names have been expunged from the record.

@@@@

**-- Automated Message From RAISA**

---

---

## Special Containment Procedures

Currently, SCP-8377 is to be considered contained by the Manna Charitable Foundation in accordance with the agreement brokered on ██/██/████. SCP-8377 is permitted to continue search and rescue operations provided it continues to maintain the facade of a mundane, non-anomalous helicopter.

In the event of a breach of agreement, MTF Phi-4 “Flying Nuns” are authorized to deploy methods, conventional or thaumaturgic, to capture, terminate or enforce compliance with SCP-8377.

---

---

## Description

SCP-8377 is a Hughes OH-6 Cayuse, originally deployed during the late stages of the Vietnam War by the United States Army. It was listed as destroyed in action during an operation on ██/██/████. It was refitted to an unarmed, medical evacuation configuration prior to its initial destruction. SCP-8377 has demonstrated capabilities beyond the manufacturer specifications for the OH-6. Witness statements have included intangibility, supersonic speeds and a demonstrated resistance to conventional weapons. SCP-8377 was first discovered operating in █████████, operating humanitarian rescue flights for the Manna Charitable Foundation. The anomaly was discovered during routine monitoring for keywords associated with MCF, under the provisions of the Bern Treaty.

---

## Discovery

> *A clear blue sky, a black speck hangs in the silence, broken up by the report of automatic weapons.*

> 

> **VOICE 1**: First time we've seen it at daytime.

> 

> *The camera zooms in, a shaky image of a helicopter fills the frame.*

> 

> **VOICE 2**: Is it the same one from the other night?

>  

> **VOICE 1**: Doesn't matter, it's not ours, shoot it down.

> 

> *The frame fills with missile exhaust, the video follows the missile into the air as it accelerates towards the incoming helicopter. Assembled voices behind the camera start to cheer.*

> 

> *The helicopter rotates, facing the missile sideways. It sails through the open side doors, before exploding on the opposite side. The voices go quiet in confusion.*

>  

> **VOICE 1**: Did we mi-

> 

> *The helicopter blasts past them, the skids nearly head height. A Manna Charitable Foundation logo is clearly visible on the side, as well as hand-painted letters reading UNARMED AID towards the rear.*

---

## Addendum

Ms. Fellowes

        	I am deeply sorry I wasn't able to respond more promptly to your email.

Currently, the MCF has been spread very thin responding to the illegal invasion perpetrated by █████████. I've been working out of a field office with very spotty satellite coverage.

       	I've taken the time to review the footage you sent over, and passed it on to Legal. I can assure you, we take misuse of our protected iconography very seriously. You can expect an email in the next few weeks listing the preliminary steps we've taken to begin our investigation.

        	Due to the willingness of █████████ forces to fire upon humanitarian aid workers, our pilots may have to make maneuvers that simply look impossible to viewers. I suggest, in the best interest of mutual cooperation, that we take a look at the footage and make sure it actually depicts something outside the bounds of normalcy? Finding pilots willing to fly in a war zone is difficult as-is. I hope we can come to terms and move onto the very real threat, instead of chasing ghosts.

---

> **The following is an interview with █████████, the child of a translator stationed at the American embassy in ████. His involvement was flagged during a search of related keywords for SCP-8377. This was the earliest instance recorded, occuring in the spring of 1987.**

> 

> “I don't really like to talk about it much. My father worked at the embassy as an interpreter. Went to school with army brats, didn't speak a lot of English at the time, but I learned some French from old issues of *Asterix* that were in the library.

> 

> When the war started, my whole family moved to the embassy. We feared we would be targeted for working with the Americans, and they said they would protect us. The days were quiet at first, the fighting mostly kept to the night. Little clashes in the streets and suburbs, we had fully gone to ground when the fighting came to downtown. I still remember staring up at the drop ceiling; those yellowed foam panels bouncing with every one of those booms. My father sat between my mother and I, and held our hands till they turned white.

> 

> Just a moment. Sorry, I've not really told this story a lot, it's not exactly light banter. *A moments pause.* He stopped praying after the third day. The diplomats had already escaped by then. A big American chopper touched down on the roof, and carried them away. My father said they were coming back. Once they cut the phone lines, I thought that was it.

> 

> Then the building shook again. It wasn't like the mortars, a brief thump-whistle-bang, but a heavy, steady, thumping. Laughter. My father, I thought he'd gone mad. He leapt to his feet, threw open the iron door from the basement, and disappeared into the embassy building. It was even louder now, and to the sixty or so of us trapped in that basement, it might as well have been the wingbeats of an angel.

> 

> We waited in the basement for what felt like hours until he returned, tears streaming down his face. “They sent someone! They didn't forget!” I suppose the men had already discussed this, the women and children were ushered towards the stairs, but my father stopped them, his face beaming. He said they had space for everyone, no second trip!

> 

> I was, at this point, sure that he had gone mad. I was maybe 11 then, old enough to know there was no way 67 people could fit into a single helicopter. We all moved as quiet as we could up the stairs. The fighting had reached a lull, but there was never a time we couldn't hear it. What we could see of the city was a ruin. It felt wrong seeing so much sky. All the tall buildings, all the little shops, just gone.

> 

> The roof had a little helicopter pad, but our savior dwarfed it. I'm not sure it was meant to land there at all. It was like a magic trick. He was sitting there, with one skid dangling off the roof. My father made us wait in the stairwell, sending us out four at a time. The elderly and the sick went first, then the women and the younger children. I, being 11, thought myself a man, of course." *He laughs.*

> 

> "Just before my turn came up, the spotlights did too. The guns started back up again. I have no idea how a helicopter that big could surprise them. Those 30 feet, from the door to the landing pad, looked like a thousand miles. My father shoves me hard, tells me to run. It was strange, I guess. When I laid eyes on it, in that dead sprint, I felt safe. Like coming home in the rain. Warm, like home. I make it to the door and strong hands pull me aboard. The pilot dressed like an American airman, but I couldn't see his face." *He rummaged through his coat pocket, before producing a set of plastic, silver pilot wings.* "I had to dig through some boxes to find it. I got scared that I lost it, you tend to lose a lot moving from country to country. He passed me these on the way into the helicopter."

> 

> "You know, the oddest thing about the helicopter. My father was right, there was enough room. The pilot ushered me to a seat, and I walked past everyone in that cramped cabin. I must have passed twenty rows of seats. The view from the window never changed. They tend to leave that out of most of these interviews, the recollection of a scared, traumatized child.” *He waves a hand dismissively.* “I know what I saw.”

---

    

**EVENT**: SCP-8377 was observed landing on the roof of █████████ Hospital, currently under fire from █████████ forces under suspicion of harboring resistance elements.

**ANOMALOUS BEHAVIOR**: Scouts observed 96 civilians, 12 medical professionals and 4 stretchers being loaded onto the helicopter.

**ADDTL NOTES**: This model of OH-6 has a listed capacity of 4 passengers and 2 pilots. In addition, the tail number has been altered with spray paint to read "YOU MISSED".

---

    

Sorry for the delay on the follow-up. I've just finished a conference call with Legal, and I've been given the greenlight to make this disclosure. Upon closer inspection and cross-reference, I can confirm anomalous activity from the helicopter in the footage. Under the provisions of the Bern agreement, we are allowed access and control of a limited number of anomalous technology and thaumaturgic techniques, and Legal has found the use of this asset to be fully compliant. I am authorized to disclose the following facts about Asset Sundown in accordance with Article 6.

* Asset Sundown is unarmed, and incapable of harming a living being.

* Asset Sundown is accompanied at all times by a dedicated member of the DAC.

* Asset Sundown is operating solely in the evacuation of unarmed civilians.

* Asset Sundown is here of his own free will, and understands the protection we offer him under Article 2.

* We view our work with Asset Sundown as mutually beneficial. We provide care and support to the evacuees he rescues.

In accordance with international humanitarian law, we are fully compliant. We have, however, found Asset Sundown in violation of the MCF Code of Conduct with regards to Veil Breach, and he has been reprimanded. However, █████████ has been found in violation of binding UN measures and international crimes against humanity. Our minor procedural missteps pale in comparison. We've faxed over the relevant documents to the nearest satellite Site near the current operational jurisdiction, in strict accordance with the outlined contact form listed in Article 12, Subsection C.

---

## FROM THE DESK OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL

Following up on our recent conference call on 6/3/25, we understand the unintentional escalation of the SCP-8377 situation, and remind you of your duties as the liaison to the MCF. We need this situation wrapped up urgently, and quietly. Please do not hesitate to call if you need additional resources or guidance on this matter.

---

> **The following is an interview with █████████, who was listed as SCP-8377's co-pilot during his service in U.S. Air National Guard.**

> 

> 

> “I wouldn't call him a natural at flying. Birds are naturals, and they'll fly straight into plate glass. Sundown was more comfortable behind a stick than he was walking. When people imagine a hot-shot pilot in Ray-Bans, they're thinking about Sundown. He transferred into our unit for more flying hours, and I thought he was nuts. These aren't flying taxis to F.O.B.s, this was nautical rescue. I'm talking holding position over a capsized vessel in a storm, at night. When our unit got called up to █████████, he might have been the only one excited. Everyone talks about how they join up to serve their country, but I think Sundown truly meant it. He was always first to respond to rescues, to loan someone a couple bucks, hell, you couldn't go anywhere with him without stopping to help someone change a tire. Never once saw him raise a hand in anger."

> 

> 

>  "The crash? That's what I guessed. Most of that was sealed, officially. It was the height of the conflict, a last minute evacuation. We've already been in the air 12 hours at that point. We swung into ████, loaded up, swung back out, let them off, refueled, repeat. We had a cycle down to 45 minutes, and I was run ragged. Sundown? You'd swear it was his first run of the day. He didn't let it show. We had to leave people behind. Fathers crying, offering up kids to a chance at safety. Sometimes we'd be too late." *He stops to collect himself.* "I could hear it, y'know. He was crying under his visor. He'd swore he'd come back for the men, and the wounded who could still walk."

> 

> 

> "On our way back, it happened. Lucky hit from AA. I didn't notice this-” *He rolls up his pant leg, shiny new prosthetic terminating in a well-worn tennis shoe.*  Interviewer note: This prosthetic is a common model distributed by MCF.  It appears to be a recent replacement. “- until I turned around to see if everyone was okay. The windshield had this-” *He mimes a circle with his hands.* “- massive hole in it, right in front of Sundown. In through the window, clean out through the seat. God, I can still see it. Head nearly came clean off, these little specks of burning phosphorus speckled everywhere." *He stares off in the middle distance for a moment.* "It was the damnedest thing. One second, he's got this hole through his chest, he's gurgling, we're pitching down, until we aren't." *He snaps his fingers.* "We're right side up again. We're dancing through tracers, and this bastard is singing to himself. One second, dead, another, he's just singing that same Lightfoot song to himself."

> 

> 

> "He puts us down, piles everyone out. The medics come to pull me out and he grabs my hand. He didn't say anything, but at that moment, I felt safer than I ever had before.” *He stands up, goes to the shadowbox containing a Bronze Star.*

> 

>  “Got a Purple Heart, too. I can't really wear the only award I give a damn about.” *He pulls a set of plastic pilot wings out of the display case.* “He gave me these, on his last flight out.”

> 

>  *He pauses, wipes his eyes.* “My report at the time *was* accurate. Sundown died out there on a rescue. He was the only one who did. But every single man, woman and child in that courtyard made it out. I don't know anything about the pilot who flew those missions in the dark, under fire, by himself. If you meet the man who did that, tell him Shoebill made it home. Tell him I miss him.”

---

    We got the go-ahead from the closest Site. We've got MTF Phi-4 on the ground, and we've got the Skunkworks guys to round up some paratech anti-air and stealth drones we've earmarked for field testing. I'm positive if we strike early, we can do this quietly. Remember, we absolutely need to be certain we force a landing before it can get any civilians involved, the last thing we need are witnesses.

Deployed Assets:

* MTF Phi-4 - Conventional/Supernatural Kit

* 12x EVILEYE Air Intercept Drones + Targeting Uplink

* 2x EXORCIST NOTE: EXORCIST Man-Portable Apparition Denial System may cause nightmares, night terrors and crises of faith on living targets. Use with caution.   Surface to Apparition Missiles

* 1x THURIBLE Area Denial System (Visual/Thermal/Thaumic Cloak Payload)

Rules of Engagement:

* CAPTURE OR TERMINATE MCF ASSET “SUNDOWN”

* Engagement of mundane threats is to be avoided at all costs, fire only if fired upon

* Additional paranatural threats are not expected, if encountered, defer to chain of command

---

     

    Fellowes, I'm sorry to push the timetable up, but the 05's couldn't wait any longer on this case. We had to make a move before it happened again. We've got reports of journalists on the ground, and we can't keep scrubbing footage of a decades old helicopter outrunning cruise missiles. Call me when you get off the plane.

Fellowes, call me back NOW.

<details>
<summary>Shootdownattempt11.MP4</summary>

> *Interior, helicopter cockpit. The handheld camera sweeps over a helmeted pilot, balaclava covering the lower half of his face. He shoots the cameraman a thumbs up. Audio is muffled wind sounds.*

> 

> **VOICE:** “Hey boss, are you seeing this? Can you send them a strongly worded letter or something?”

> 

> *Camera whips around to a rear view, the contrails of the EVILEYE drones gaining on the helicopter. The first accelerates, detonating against the hull. The explosion is a muffled thump, with no deviation in flight.*

> 

> **VOICE:** “Fuckin’ morons. Hey, Sundown, did you feel that?

> 

> *Camera pans back. Pilot shakes his hand in a “so-so” gesture. The cockpit lights up with an explosion from the front, followed by the whipcrack of a supersonic jet crossing the windshield. Later analysis shows this to be a █████████ F-16.*

> 

> **VOICE:** “Shit, buddy, that's not Foundation, we gotta get low-”

> 

> *An EVILEYE drone breaks from the group and streaks past. It closes the distance to the intercepting jet, turning it into a blinding fireball.*

> 

> **VOICE:** Oh, shit. Did you see a chute?

> 

> **RECORDING ENDS**

</details>

---

---

    

**EVENT:** SCP-8377 was observed following a group of evacuees walking to a field hospital operated by MCF.

**ANOMALOUS BEHAVIOR:** SCP-8377 was flying alongside the front of the pack, while an unknown person sat on the skids and spoke with the leader of the group. SCP-8377 was observed making sounds no louder than a desk fan.

**ADDTL NOTES:** Tail number was painted over with white paint, now reads "STOP FOLLOWING ME".

---

Fellowes, I understand that the escalation of hostilities was not at your discretion; that will not undo what has transpired. We have been operating in good legal standing, both above and below the Veil. We are here solely as humanitarian aid, and yet elements in your command structure have seen fit to pour more fuel on an already raging fire. As I'm writing this, the mortar strikes are close enough to feel. You know we have people on the ground? People who left a comfortable life to help those less fortunate? You have the power to change things, and you choose to stop the helpers. I must make our stance clear: we are not stopping our mission here, and you cannot stop us. The flights continue.

---

This is an automated message from the Site-55 On-Site Counseling Specialist! We know that working at the Foundation can be stressful, and we're able to meet your psychological needs in the manner of your choosing. The next available session we have is **September 19th, 2025**. To reschedule, you can check availability in your employee portal.

---

    

    Thank you for your continued interest in support for the Manna Charitable Foundation! We've received your donation in the order of **$5000.00**.

Your donation allows us to continue our important mission of doing the most good where it's needed, and our volunteers in the field are glad to help!

---

Thank you for your continued interest in support for the Manna Charitable Foundation! We've received your donation in the order of **$5000.00**.

Your donation allows us to continue our important mission of doing the most good where it's needed, and our volunteers in the field are glad to help!

---

 

    We're sorry, but we were unable to process your donation to the order of **$5000.00**. Please try again using another form of payment.

---

    

**EVENT:** SCP-8377 was observed under attack by █████████ anti-air batteries during an evacuation of a field hospital by MCF volunteers.

**ANOMALOUS BEHAVIOR:** SCP-8377 proved to be completely immune to anti-aircraft fire. 

**ADDTL NOTES:** Despite heavy shelling, the field hospital was successfully evacuated. Tail number now reads "MISSED ME AGAIN" Video scrubbed from social media shows that they in fact, did not miss. 

---

### Recovery Log

> **HELMET CAM - MTF PHI-4-1 AUDIO - COMM TRAFFIC, EXTERNAL AUDIO FROM CAMERA 1**

> 

> 

> *The MTF fireteam is set up in an office building. The building was emptied in a hurry, drywall dust and broken glass litter the floor. -2 and -3 are in position at a window overlooking downtown █████████. They've assembled the EXORCIST missile launcher and are keying in final adjustments while -4 observes with binoculars. A distant whirring of rotors grows louder.*

> 

> **-01:** Command, we have a positive ID on the target. No heat signature, solid lock on thaumic. Proceeding with mission.

> 

> **-02:** We've got solid tone. Backblast in 3, 2 1…

> 

> *-1 turns and covers their face as the audio goes to static. When they look back up, the interior of the building is white with rapidly diffusing incense. The missile streaks clear of the window, before the sustainer motor kicks in and the missile climbs rapidly.*

> 

> **-03:** Tracking is solid…

> 

> *A distant, high pitched ringing. A white plume of smoke erupts from the helicopter alongside an unearthly screech.*

> 

> **-03:** We got him, he's spinning in.

> 

> *-1 gestures towards -4, who drops rappelling lines out the window.*

> 

> **-01:** Get to the street, I want this thing bagged up before we meet local forces.

> 

> *-1 moves to the window, clipping his harness to the climbing line, giving it a test tug. The team steps out the window, kicking off the frame one by one. The camera whips around, facing out the window. SCP-8377 is slowly descending, a wide spin slowly evening out. The tail rotor is trailing smoke.*

> 

> **-04:** Looks like it's setting down a block over, shoul-

> 

> *A cruise missile streaks overhead, colliding with the floor MTF Phi-4 launched the missile from. The deadline gives. Footage goes to a blur before all four members hit the street.*

> 

> **COMMAND:** Tracking incoming fire and multiple foot-mobiles, █████████ forces incoming.

> 

> *All four members groan and rise from the tangle of debris and discarded ropes. -2 buckles and falls, before being propped up by -3*

> 

> **-01:** MTF Actual, we've got one wounded, can proceed.

> 

> **COMMAND:** Target is one block due east, hostile air assets due in 5, button up and keep moving. Exfil might take some time, we can't risk any more exposure.

> 

> **-04:** Roger, deploying THURIBLE.

> 

> *Helmet cam swings to -4, who pulls the ripcord on his field pack. Thick, heavy vapor pours out from hidden vents, before the static field snaps it into shape: a rapidly rising circle around the team. The camera adjusts for exposure as the white dome closes.*

> 

> **COMMAND:** Drone operator confirms full coverage, get moving.

> 

> *The team proceeds slowly down the alley, smoke cover shifting narrower.*

> 

> **-03:** Pass a suggestion back to R&D, see if they can't do something about the sage smell.

> 

> *The outline of a partially collapsed building is visible through the smokescreen, a helicopter sitting sideways on a stack of rubble. It slowly rights itself with a bent landing skid.*

> 

> **VOICE 5:** STOP FUCKING SHOOTING, WE'RE UNARMED!

> 

> *An outline appears from the door, hands above his head. What is later identified as a camera is slung around the figure's neck. The figure is later identified as MCF Asset F8.*

> 

> **-01:** PUT IT DOWN! PUT THE GUN DOWN!

> 

> **ASSET F8:** IT'S A FUCKING CAM-

>    

> *-4 raises his rifle and fires twice. The figure ducks back in.*

> 

> **ASSET F8:** WE'RE NOT FUCKING ARMED!

> 

> *-1 raises a fist, weapons dropping to a low ready.*

> 

>  **-01:** Alright! Alright, guns down. Are you injured? We're going to come closer, show us your hands.

> 

> *The figure complies, holding their hands out of the open hatch.*

> 

> **-04:** Get that pilot out of there.

> 

> **ASSET F8:** He can't leave the chopper, man. Why the fuck are you shooting, are you Foundation?

>  

> *The team closes the distance. The helmet camera looks up at the tail rotor, which is slowly reforming itself, bent wings straightening out with a groan.*

> 

> **ASSET F8:** You guys just shoot first, think never, huh? This mess is your fault! You should have just let him keep flying!

> 

> **-01:** Listen, I'm ju-

> 

> **ASSET F8:** Just following orders? By shooting down a fucking ambulance?

>   

> **-01:** We can debate the eth-

> 

> **ASSET F8:** Human life isn't a fucking debate!

> 

> *A high pitched whistle interrupts as a mortar strikes an adjacent building, showering the ruin with fragments of brick. MTF Phi-4 take cover. When the camera comes back up, F8 is unperturbed.*

>   

> **-1:** Suppress anyone outside of the smokescreen! Command, do we have an exit?

> 

>**COMMAND:** We're working on it now, drone operator has visual on you. You're boxed in, tracking an APC inbound.

> 

> **ASSET F8:** Wow, look at that! A completely avoidable escalation.

> 

> *Small arms fire starts to ping off of Sundown as MTF Phi-4 starts to return fire from the slowly dispersing smokescreen.*

> 

> **-04:** THURIBLE's dry. 60 seconds till it's cooked.

> 

> *Banging from the cockpit. From -1's angle, a gloved hand sticks out, giving a thumbs up followed by an index finger pointed skyward, spinning in a quick circle.*

> 

> **ASSET F8:** Sundown’s back up. So, uh, we're gonna hit the road, I think.

> 

> *Automatic weapon fire continues in and out of the dwindling smokescreen. Soldiers in █████████ uniforms are beginning to become visible.*

> 

> **ASSET F8:** Did y'all need a ride home?

> 

> *-1 stops firing and looks back.*

> 

> **ASSET F8:** Okay, cool. No guns, no knives, nothing explosive or poisonous. By entering this helicopter, you swear to lay down your arms in this conflict and never again raise them in anger. There will be no in-flight movie.

> 

> *-1 looks around to the team. He shrugs off his rifle sling and throws it in on the ground, followed by his sidearm and a panel of grenades.*

> 

> **-01:** Well, you heard the man.

> 

> *The team complies, -4 topping the pile with C4 and keying the timer. Footage ends with -1 removing the helmet cam from his helmet, and throwing it on the pile.*

> 

> **AFTER ACTION REPORT:** The MTF strike team were recovered at an MCF field hospital 5 miles outside of █████████. -2 was stabilized after a simple leg fracture and is set to return to active service. All left behind material was destroyed on scene with explosives, alongside the remaining EXORCIST missile. The resulting fireball was reported in the news as █████████ forces striking a gas main by accident. Witnesses from the forces in pursuit are expected to recover from the paraweapon induced nightmares within anywhere from 6 months to a year, according to R&D.

> 

> MTF Phi-4 are to be removed from further operations inside of this conflict zone. All four recovered members have been unable to hold anything defined as a weapon while inside the defined borders of █████████. When interviewed individually, all four members stated that "they could not break this promise." All four members, additionally, had received a set of plastic pilot wings.

 

---

> 

> 

> 

> 

> 

    

<details>
<summary>Attachment: Flagged 911 Call, Spokane, Washington</summary>

> **OPERATOR**: 911, what’s your emergency?

> 

> **CALLER**: Yeah, I’m out here on the river, we just saw our buddy’s boat flip! Does the sheriff have any boats out on the Spokane?

> 

> **OPERATOR**: Hold just a moment. Do you know if he’s a strong swimmer?

> 

> **CALLER**: He’s only got one leg an-

> 

> *CALLER is cut off by a loud thumping sound passing.*

> 

> **CALLER**: Shit, you guys are fast! His hat's not even wet yet!

> 

> **OPERATOR**: Sir? Can you tell me what’s happening?

> 

> **CALLER**: There’s a chopper already out here!

</details>

Probably just a coincidence. The Coast Guard does practice flights all the time. I suggest we just write this off as closed.

@@@@

@@@@

[!~~ A/B testing whether rate module at the bottom of the page actually affects anything - see https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/forum/t-17022412/should-your-article-have-a-2nd-rating-module ~~]

/* Only show the A/B test subject when the A/B test is active */

:not(.ab-test--active) + .ab-test-subject { display: none; }

.bottom-rating-module {

  display: flex;

  flex-direction: column;

  align-items: center;

  margin-block: 1rem;

}

.bottom-rating-module .page-rate-widget-box {

  margin: 0;

}

"]]

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-8376](SCP-8376) | SCP-8377 | [SCP-8378](SCP-8378) >>

@@@@

@@@@

=====

=====
