=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8552

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Logistical Site-180 has been placed under indefinite quarantine, pending removal by the active Site Director. To limit the spread, all 123 site personnel must undergo weekly medical examination. A section of Site-180’s medical facilities has been sectioned off to this end. All SCP-8552 sightings must be immediately reported to Site Task Force Beta-2 (“Pest Control”) for extermination. Updates on the epidemic and general status of Site-180 are attached in Addendum 8552.1. 

**Description:** SCP-8552 refers to a colony of Cimex lectularius Commonly known as bed bugs.  currently infesting Site-180's residential sector. After being bitten by an SCP-8552 instance individuals develop atypical symptoms, including:

* Dermatillomania 

* Aversion to bright lights

* Spontaneous mutism 

* Lack of appetite and thirst

* Insomnia 

* Tinnitus  Universally described as a "buzzing" sound.

* Loss of fine motor control

* Excessive weight loss (~10% of body mass)

Despite the severity of these symptoms, infected personel report minimal pain and no fatalities have occurred. 

**Addendum 8552.1:** Site-180 Updates

**Update 19/04/25:** 26 staff members confirmed infected. Bedding is collected sitewide and transferred to Acroamatic Abatement for physical and metaphysical obliteration. To combat productivity loss as a result of sleep deprivation, sedatives and Foundation-use amphetamines are distributed amongst the infected. 

**Update 02/05/25:** 59 staff members confirmed infected. Due to growing concern over space, healthy non-essential personnel are innoculated using SCP-8552. Quarantine zone expanded to include employee workstations. Alongside routine replacements of employee bedding, Beta-2 patrol the quarantine area and destroy any organic matter lost by the infected.

**Update 09/05/25:** 77 staff members confirmed infected. Researcher Williams’s corpse is discovered in their room, having undergone extensive decomposition. This marks the first known fatality from SCP-8552. Beta-2 dispatched for on-site cremation and destruction of all SCP-8552 instances within the remains. 

**Update 10/05/25:** 78 staff members confirmed infected. Following Researcher Williams's actions, all patrols of the quarantine zone are cancelled. Beta-2 reassigned to maintain isolation; use of lethal force authorized by Site Director Akran. Objects within the noospheric definition of “bed” are annihilated. 

**Update 21/05/25:** 121 staff members confirmed infected. Quarantine zone is expanded sitewide; excluding Site Director’s office. Neighbouring Site-██ receives requisition order for a two-seat extraction vehicle. 

**Update 22/05/25:** 122 staff members confirmed infected. Site-██ requisition order cancelled. On-site nuclear warhead is primed for detonation.

**Update 23/05/25:** 123 staff members confirmed infected. On-site nuclear warhead deactivated. Quarantine is officially lifted. 

**Update 03/06/25:** 134 Foundation employees confirmed infected. Following Director Akran's petition, Overseer Council votes on the reclassification of SCP-8552. 

|  | YAY | NAY |
| --- | --- | --- |
| O5-1 | X |  |
| O5-2 | X |  |
| O5-3 | X |  |
| O5-4 | X |  |
| O5-5 | X |  |
| O5-6 | X |  |
| O5-7 |  | X |
| O5-8 | X |  |
| O5-9 | X |  |
| O5-10 | X |  |
| O5-11 | X |  |
| O5-12 | X |  |
O5-7 inoculated. SCP-8552 pending reclassification to neutralised. 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8551](SCP-8551) | SCP-8552 | [SCP-8553](SCP-8553) >>
