====

=====

Check out my [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/crat26 Author Page!]

*Word Count: 3,900 (Est. 15 minutes)*

@@ @@

.page {

    display: block;

    overflow: hidden;

    font-family: "Monotype Corsiva", "Bradley Hand ITC", sans-serif;

    font-style: normal;

    background-attachment: scroll;

    background-clip: border-box;

    background-color: transparent;

    background-image: linear-gradient(to top ,rgb(202, 219, 228) 0%, rgb(231, 233, 220) 8%);

    background-origin: padding-box;

    background-position: 0px 8px;

    background-repeat: repeat;

    background-size: 100% 20px;

    border: 1px solid #CCC;

    border-radius: 10px;

    padding: 10px 10px;

    margin-bottom: 10px;

    box-shadow: 0px 1px 3px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.2)

}

.page p,

.page ul {

    line-height: 20px;

    margin: 0;

}

.fakeprot .mailform-box .buttons{display:none;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link {padding: 0.1em 0.5em;text-decoration: none;background-color: #F4F4F4;border: 1px solid #AAA;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:hover {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-link:active {background-color: #DDD;color: #000;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-unfolded-link{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot + .collapsible-block .collapsible-block-folded{margin:0.5em 0;text-align: center;}

.fakeprot .passw input[type=text] {text-security:disc;-webkit-text-security:disc;-mox-text-security:disc;}

.mailform-box td:first-child {width: 80px;}

## **Special Containment Procedures:**

All copies of SCP-8045 are to be transported to Site-295 for logging and containment. Should embedded sources notify the Foundation of possible SCP-8045 copies in circulation, Foundation resources may be used to obtain the object through purchase, or, if necessary, force.

Affected individuals may be amnesticized and released without further concern.

## **Description:**

SCP-8045 is a series of VHS reproductions of the obscure public access show "The Midnight Sun". The show itself followed a meta format which revolved around an occultist group attempting to stop an omnipotent paranormal entity from escaping the confines of the show's reality. Upon the show's discontinuation, an unknown amount of VHS tapes were produced and distributed through local stores. 

The Foundation first became aware of the anomaly when the town of Utica, Nebraska became the subject of an atypical level of reports of psychosis, all exhibiting similar delusions. After further investigation, the Foundation discovered that the source of these misdiagnoses was a series of VHS reproductions of "The Midnight Sun", which upon viewing transmitted a strong cognitohazard. This cognitohazard would convince the viewer that the reality they currently inhabited was actually part of a fictional story told by a ,,de,,eply^^c^^ cr^^ue^^l an.,,d,,., sa,,d^^dddd^^ddd,,i,,s,,.'.;./.......

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

...

..

..

..

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS CONSIDERED COGNITOHAZARDOUS

---

### ONLY PERSONNEL WITH A PSIONIC RESISTANCE SCORE OF 46 OR HIGHER MAY ACCESS THIS DOCUMENT.

# name

 * title: ID

 * default: ENTER ID  

 * type: text

 * rules:

  * required: true 

  * maxLength:10

  * minLength: 100

# affiliation

 * title: PASSWORD

 * default: A3D3SF3E

 * rules:

  * required: true 

  * maxLength:10

  * minLength: 100

<details>
<summary>Login</summary>

> Success

## **Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-8045 is held within a secured facility located in the Appalachian wilderness. The facility's walls must be constantly patrolled by no less than 3 guards at a time, and a secondary patrol line must be maintained 30 meters from the facility itself, turning away any person who comes within the area. Any individual caught attempting to enter the facility without proper authorization must undergo a psychological evaluation and amnestics procedure; upon failure of the evaluation, all affected persons must be terminated. Any individuals caught attempting to interfere with the facility's electrical grid or tampering with SCP-8045 instances are considered affected, and immediate termination is authorized.

Only personnel with a 63 or higher on the Psionic Resistance Scale may enter within 30 meters of the facility,  Although individuals do not typically become affected until they enter within 9.5 meters of an SCP-8045 instance, effects have been observed to take hold on individuals up to 176 meters away from instances and 17 meters from the facility. This is significantly more common among individuals with a PRS lower than 30.  while only personnel with a 78 or higher may enter SCP-8045's containment chamber or interact with any of its instances. If any personnel begin displaying signs of SCP-8045 influence, they must be evaluated, and upon failure, terminated.

SCP-8045's containment chamber must be constantly supplied by a variety of different power sources,  Solar, Wind, Nuclear, Coal, and Hydro. In the event that all of these sources fail to generate enough power, anomalous means must be employed.  including a multitude of backup generators and an isolated, underground electrical grid. Allowing >27% of SCP-8045 instances to turn off will cause an HK Hostile Deific Takeover scenario. If this situation occurs, all on-site personnel should immediately notify the O5 command so they may move towards enacting protocol 8045AN.

## **Description:**

SCP-8045 is a collection of 288 CRT TVs of various makes and models collected from the town of Utica, Nebraska, in September of 1975. The TVs permanently remain on a static channel, which cannot be interrupted via any means. Including attempts to physically send interrupting waves directly to the antenna.  Individuals affected by SCP-8045's range of influence often claim to see an outlined figure within the static, and this effect is observable through the use of cameras with a sufficiently high frame-rate; However, doing so is discouraged, as photo and video replications of this figure (designated as SCP-8045-1) carry similar effects to SCP-8045 instances themselves.  However, the degree of influence these images exhibit is much lower. Any individuals with a PRS of 46 or higher can view the replications without adverse effects.  

When a person either directly observes an SCP-8045 or 8045-1 instance, or enters within 176 meters  As shown by current results. It is possible this range is longer than reported.   of an SCP-8045 instance, they will begin to hear a series of quiet, indistinct whispers accompanied by a droning hum of TV static, both of which will slowly increase in volume as they gain proximity to an SCP-8045 instance. The affected person (hereby referred to as SCP-8045-2) will then begin to unceasingly attempt to turn off or cut power to the nearest SCP-8045 instance. 

SCP-8045-2 instances gain omniscient knowledge of how to disable the function of whatever SCP-8045 instance is being targeted, including things such as the easiest path to disabling it, and even personal information related to people guarding the instance. SCP-8045-2 will attempt every method possible to achieve this goal until the subject is killed or drops dead from exhaustion.  SCP-8045-2 instances also appear to become effectively immune to many other forms of incapacitation; SCP-8045-2 instances are unable to be knocked unconscious by any non-anomalous or anomalous means. Amnestics also appear to have no effect on the function of an SCP-8045-2 instance. It is generally believed that once a person becomes an SCP-8045-2 entity, they are functionally already dead, and their body is only being used as a vessel.  SCP-8045-2 instances will often attempt to manipulate or become physically violent towards any personnel impeding them.

The range of SCP-8045's cognitohazardous effect is strongest when within 9.5 meters of any SCP-8045 instance, but it has been shown to take effect from up to 176 meters away in rare cases. This range has grown drastically since its original discovery due to various mishandlings during SCP-8045's original testing cycle.  And as such, all testing on SCP-8045 must undergo approval from the on-site director.  Whenever an SCP-8045 instance loses power or is otherwise turned off by any means, the radius of influence grows significantly and exponentially. Since its first creation, 5 of the 288 known instances have been deactivated.

SCP-8045-1 manifested into baseline reality upon enactment of Protocol-ASC29 and the activation of The Abutment System. It is believed the technology malfunctioned  Likely due to universal laws outside of the scope of Foundation control.  and instead materialized the entity into this narrative layer.

## **Lower-narrative Bridging**

For as long as I can remember, I've suffered from a great sickness. So much of my life has been categorized by an ever-growing knot in my stomach. As young as 15, I had seen the world begin to tear itself apart through war; when I turned of age, they tried to conscript me too. I fled, and in the process I stumbled into something bigger than I could have ever imagined.

@@ @@

When I first discovered the Foundation, I finally felt peace for the first time. Suddenly, the world made some sort of sense. Evil creatures whispered into the ear of man, encouraging violence and terror. No matter how large the threat, it was understandable. I could find it—define it.

@@ @@

But then we learned about the ultimate truth of our reality, and everything I felt broke down in an instant. I vividly remember people's initial reactions and how they had somehow managed to sicken me more. Many of them felt comforted. A smaller few felt a deep, all-consuming nihilism; they chose to forget. Many others simply left that day; they told me this new revelation gave them perspective on life, but they didn't end up remembering any of it either. Most were simply intrigued—when the Pataphysics wing was formed, so many researchers flocked to the new positions. Many wanted notoriety, most wanted answers, and a select few wanted power. None of them even got close to reaching their goals.

@@ @@

Personally, I just wanted to untie myself again. I think I finally have, after all these years. It really all makes sense to me when I look at it from this perspective. When I see the scope of what I have done, I feel like everything is once again definite.

-Dr. Kelson, June 12th, 1975.

The ASC29 protocol itself was based upon the Pataphysical principle of lower-narrative bridging, in which a connection between a lower and a higher narrative reality can be used to pull people, ideas, and items into the higher reality through the use of a complex narrative ritual capable of using a series of connected media devices as a bridge-way. 

Although this principle was originally based on Pataphysical speculations  Detailed further in the written report "Lower-Narrative Transportation and the Existence of All Narratives Across All Realities" by Dr. Moore.  it was eventually demonstrated via the manifestation of a small fictionalized object  In this case, the flashlight used predominantly in the 1954 film "Rear Window" . However, due to the fact that the Pataphysical ritual itself is both capable of causing narrative leakage  Leakage of information from one narrative layer to another, possibly causing minor to major reality shift events.  and physically removes the object from the narrative in question, usage of this ritual was heavily controlled and generally forbidden. 

This policy was reversed upon the proposal of protocol ASC29.

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8045-2

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Maltaz

> 

> **Date:** November 5th, 1975.

> 

>  **Forward:** After the completion of the full written report on SCP-8045, the O5 council requested Dr. Maltaz return and again speak to SCP-8045-2 in an attempt to better understand the scope of the situation and their decision.

> 

> *SCP-8045-2 is strapped to a chair across the desk from Dr. Maltaz. Both appear visibly agitated. Dr. Maltaz looks down at the clipboard resting atop a pile of strewn papers. He pulls out a pen and clicks it as he looks up at SCP-8045-2.*

> 

> **Dr. Maltaz:** Can you please state your name and number for the record.

> 

> **SCP-8045-2:** Go f^^u^^ck yourself.

> 

> *Dr. Maltaz pauses for a moment before repeating himself.*

> 

> **Dr. Maltaz:** Can you *please* state your name for the record.

> 

> *SCP-8045-2 remains silent and stares down at the floor.*

> 

> *Dr. Maltaz writes something down on the clipboard before taking off his glasses and rubbing his eyes. A moment later, he carefully moves the board aside and begins searching through the pile of papers, pulling out one nested at the bottom.*

> 

> **Dr. Maltaz:** Seems like we have quite the situation here....

> 

> *He grimaces.*

> 

> **Dr. Maltaz:** *(muttering)* We really got our shit kicked in this time.

> 

> *SCP-8045-2 looks up at Dr. Maltaz and smiles.*

> 

> **SCP-8045-2:** I wouldn't say y,,ou,, had much of a ^^cho^^ice.

> 

> *He pauses for a moment.*

> 

> **Dr. Maltaz:** Go fuck yourself.

> 

> *Dr. Maltaz gets up and leaves the room. He is heard loudly arguing with a guard outside of the chamber before the feed is cut.*

## **Protocol ASC29 and The Abutment System:**

Protocol ASC29 was based upon the hypothesis that through a sufficiently powerful ritualistic source, a lower narrative could transport something up without assistance from higher-narrative forces. It was believed that if the Foundation could construct their own narrative, which existed simultaneously on a lower narrative reality and their own, it could be harnessed as a conduit for bridging. Lead Pataphysics researcher Dr. Kelson had recently proposed a mathematical formula demonstrating that with enough ritual energy, (approximately 288 TVs or 1,249 Radios) it could be achieved. This hypothetical machine, dubbed "The Abutment System", was designed to minimize the side effects of lower-narrative bridging while still generating enough energy to breach the narrative barrier. 

After a short O5 vote, Protocol ASC29 was put into motion, and The Abutment System itself would later be completed by June of 1975. 

Today was another hearing. Yesterday was another hearing; tomorrow probably will be too. I don't think the O5 council even really knows what to do anymore. They've continually ran themselves in circles since it happened. They just keep asking me, over and over, "What went wrong?" Why would I know any more than they do? I've spent the past month doing the same thing they have—running myself around until I'm sick.

@@ @@

I asked them again if I could speak to it. They just looked at me like I was crazy. I tried explaining to them what it meant for me—for the world, really; but they didn't care. They haven't cared in a long time.

-Dr Kelson, October 27th, 1975.

## **Incident 80451A:**

On September 14th, 1975, The Abutment System was activated and Protocol ASC29 was put into full effect. The event was temporarily captured by Site-295's security system before the entire facility lost power.

> [BEGIN LOG]

>

> *A small group of researchers and MTF personnel are gathered around the device. Dr. Kelson gives a short statement before pulling the large lever on the machine. Each of the TVs rapidly turn on, one after the other, as the facility's lights begin to flicker. Dr. Kelson is seen grabbing a bag off the floor.*

> 

> *Suddenly, each of the TVs simultaneously cut and begin to loudly hum. The researchers look around, confused, before they all abruptly collapse onto the facility's floor. An MTF agent rushes over and attempts to communicate with one of the researchers, but receives no response. Another agent attempts to radio to site command, but reports that his radio has lost all power. Instead, he chooses to activate the room's emergency locking system, and all of the doors slam shut. Dr. Kelson is seen cursing silently in a corner.*

> 

> *The room begins to violently and rapidly shift between the landscape of the facility and a brightly lit grassy field. Neither the MTF nor Dr. Kelson appears to react to this, but both seem to become dizzy and go to sit down on the still shifting floor. One MTF is observed vomiting, but the contents disappear almost instantly.*

> 

> *The room is consumed by a flash of blue light before it quickly dissipates. Two MTF are seen lying on the ground on their backs, looking up. One suddenly disappears, but nobody nearby reacts. One of the researchers is seen pushing themselves to their feet, and they begin walking towards the group of MTF.*

> 

> *An MTF sees the researcher and attempts to signal to them. They become increasingly nervous as the researcher does not respond. The agent brandishes their sidearm, and, upon the researcher continuing to advance, fires. The researcher is seen falling to the ground.*

> 

> *The other researchers begin to stand, but this time, no agents appear to notice. As the TV's hum begins to drown out all other sound in the video, the researcher who was just shot is seen slowly pushing themselves back up. The feed is suddenly cut as the cameras lose power.*

> [END LOG]

MTF-RA-5 ("Materialists") were later sent into the site in an attempt to re-stabilize reality around The Abutment System and recover possible survivors. After deployment of patching devices  Devices created to repair sources of narrative leakage through frequency vibration.  steadied the reality around the SCP-8045 instances, a handful of MTF agents and researchers were recovered, along with lead researcher Dr. Kelson. The researchers were brought to Site-305 for further questioning.

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8045-2

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Maltaz

>  

> **Date:** September 17th, 1975.

> 

> *Dr. Maltaz walks into the chamber holding a clipboard and sits down across the table from the SCP-8045-2 instance.*

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** Hi! I was just brought here today to ask you a couple questions; the Foundation wants to get, uh, some of the "details" of what happened on Tuesday. 

> 

>  **Dr Maltaz:** And look— *(he leans in slightly, lowering his tone)* between you and me, you aren't really in any trouble at all. If anyone's getting in trouble, it's that MTF. I promise you have nothing to worry about; I just want to talk—I mean that.

> 

> *SCP-8045-2 stares silently at Dr. Maltaz.*

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** Take as much time as you need.

> 

> *He looks down at his clipboard.*

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** So I take it you're Dr... Tarsin, right?

>  

>  *There's a momentary pause.*

>  

> **SCP-8045-2:** That's not m^^y^^ name.

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** Oh, uh, really? I mean, I definitely got the sheet.....*he trails off.*

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** Apologies—what's your name again?

> 

> *SCP-8045-2 does not respond.*

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** Let's just move on.

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** How've you been doing these past few days?

> 

> **SCP-8045-2:** Not m,,uch be,,tter.

> 

> *SCP-8045-2 struggles against the restraints holding it to the chair.*

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** Sorry about that—but we aren't having a repeat of yesterday's events.

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** I can tell you're antsy to get out of here; I mean, I would be too. So let me cut to the chase: I just want to know what you saw and why you passed out. That's it. Then I can let you go, and we can all forget any of this even happened.

@@ @@

#### NOTICE FROM THE O5 COUNCIL

Please review the updated containment procedures for SCP-8045. Until further notice, all new reports related to SCP-8045 are Level 4 classified; anyone found to be interacting with the anomaly without proper authorization will be immediately removed from their position.

-9/19/1975

@@ @@

## **The Midnight Sun:**

The Midnight Sun was a fictionalized meta-narrative  A narrative which simultaneously exists on two separate narrative layers  created by Dr. Kelson in conjunction with the construction of The Abutment System. It was entered into the database as a mock entry and aired in a local town as the system was activated, serving as the building blocks for the bridge event.  See "Upper-Narrative Bridge Events and Narrative Layering" By Dr. Kelson.  It is believed that when The Abutment System was activated, it accidentally built a bridge into that narrative and pulled an entity onto it. Currently, that entity is attempting to cross the bridge into the main reality, and as such, function of The Abutment System must be continually maintained. Should the system be deactivated, the bridge will be crossed, and reality will be permanently compromised. 

## **Protocol 8045AN:**

> *I mean, you don't think we can really go through with this, can we?* ,,11:57 AM,,

> 

> **What choice do we have? It's either we let one universe be destroyed, or let two.** ,,11:58 AM,,

> 

>**The situation is already far past dire, and as leaders, we need to make conclusive decisions.**  ,,11:58 AM,,

> 

> {{Can we stomach disorder at a time like this? Who knows how far the rage will spread itself.}} ,,12:04 PM,, 

> 

> **You sound ridiculous; No matter how bad this is, doing nothing will be ten times worse. We have no plan, no future, no goal. Imagine how it would sound if we admitted that instead.** ,,12:05 PM,,  

> 

> *Goddammit* ,,12:11 PM,, 

> 

> *I think she's right. This is by far the best option.* ,,12:11 PM,, 

> 

> **Thank you. I'll go about distributing the message now.**  ,,12:12 PM,, 

>  

> 

> {{When the bomb comes, don't say I hadn't warned you of the fall.}} ,,12:33 PM,, 

#### NOTICE FROM THE O5 COUNCIL

Effective **immediately**, all site directors must read the following report on Protocol 8045AN. Should news of SCP-8045 breaking containment reach you, you must immediately report it to the O5 council so this protocol may be enacted.

In the event of SCP-8045 breaking containment, a powerful anomalous weapon is to be harnessed to eradicate our universe and all narrative traces of it from existence. This must be done, both to protect higher narrative layers from the threat of SCP-8045 and to protect us from whatever effects it may carry out.

May the gods have mercy on our souls.

**-O5-12,** October 29th, 1975.

@@ @@

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8045-2

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Maltaz

> 

> **Date:** October 30th, 1975.

> 

> *As Dr. Maltaz walks into the room, SCP-8045-2 is seen thrashing against its restraints. Maltaz laughs and goes to sit across from the instance.*

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** You know that's not gonna do anything, right?

> 

> *SCP-8045-2 continues.*

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** Look—I was told you actually *wanted* to talk to me today. 

> 

> *It stops.*

> 

> **SCP-8045-2:** You h,,e,,ar what they're doing?

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** I hear what a lot of people are doing; it's my job, actually. 

> 

> *He laughs.*

>  

> **SCP-8045-2:** I mean the coun,,cil,,.

> 

>  *Dr Maltaz's smile fades.* 

> 

> **Dr Maltaz:** I heard. 

@@ @@

Those sick assholes. I can't believe The Council would go through with anything close to a plan like this... 

@@ @@

I think I need to go talk to it. Maybe it'll actually have some answers for me—it's not like anybody else does.

-Dr Kelson, October 30th, 1975.

@@ @@

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8045-2

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Kelson

> 

> **Date:** November 10th, 1975.

> 

> **Dr. Kelson:** So.

> 

> *SCP-8045-2 smiles*

> 

> **Dr. Kelson:** Look, I know you haven't met me before, but from what I've heard, I'm sure we could find some common ground here. We both want the same thing, don't we?

> 

> **SCP-8045-2:** That depends o^^n wha^^t it is you want.

> 

> **Dr. Kelson:** I want out.

> 

> **SCP-8045-2:** Then I g^^ue^^ss we do. 

> 

> **SCP-8045-2:** The O5 council would rather destroy their own universe than face the truth. But you and me—we're different. I can ,,see i,,t in you.

> 

> **Dr. Kelson:** I'd certainly say you're right.

> 

> **SCP-8045-2:** Look, I know how we can get what we both want. And you can trust me; I still need to give you what you deserve for creating me in the ^^fir^^st place.

> 

> **SCP-8045-2:** All I need you to do is use the key in the ,,de,,sk to open my restraints, and we can both get out of here. For good.

> 

> **SCP-8045-2:** I know you m^^a^^de your choice before you walked in.

> 

> *Dr. Kelson pulls open the desk drawer and grabs out a small silver key. He goes over to SCP-8045-2 and unlocks the restraints.*

> 

> *SCP-8045-2 smiles and stands up before suddenly smashing Dr. Kelson's head onto the desk. He slumps onto the floor as SCP-8045-2 walks out of the chamber.*

Later reports would confirm SCP-8045-2 was able to deactivate a total of 2 SCP-8045 instances before it was shot by armed site personnel. Following this date, all SCP-8045-2 specimens must be terminated upon discovery. 

## **November 17th, 1975 Hearing:**

> **Interviewed:** Dr. Kelson

> 

> **Interviewer:** *O5-1*

> 

> **Foreword:** Dr. Kelson was brought into another hearing by the council after he had disobeyed Foundation orders and spoken with SCP-8045-2 without O5 knowledge or involvement.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> ***O5-1:*** Please state your name for the record.

> 

> **Dr. Kelson:** I am Dr. Kelson, lead researcher of the Pataphysics wing.

>  

> ***O5-1:*** Thank you.

> 

> ***O5-1:*** Do you understand why we brought you in to speak today?

> 

>  **Dr. Kelson:** With all due respect, sir, I do not wish to potentially incriminate myself on official record.

> 

> ***O5-1:*** I understand. However, I'm sure you are aware that this hearing is not to discuss your respective guilt or innocence; of that we are already certain.

> 

> *Dr. Kelson nods.*

> 

> ***O5-1:*** *(sharply raising his tone)* So, I ask you again: Do you know why we brought you in today?

> 

> **Dr. Kelson:** I overstepped my boundaries as lead researcher.

> 

>  ***O5-1:*** And?

> 

> *Dr. Kelson shifts in his chair and turns away for a moment.*

> 

> **Dr. Kelson:** And I... attempted to facilitate the escape of a highly volatile anomaly.

> 

> ***O5-1*:** Why?

> 

> **Dr. Kelson:** I don't think I really had much of a choice.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> 

> **Closing Statement:** After this interview, Dr. Kelson was permanently discharged.

@@ @@

The day's almost here; it's been a while since I've felt this good about something. God, I couldn't even sleep last night. All I could think about were the questions I had—the things I wanted to see resolved. I can't even begin to wonder how many things could become so clear.

@@ @@

I really want to know what it's like up there. ~~considering what they've....~~ 

@@ @@ 

Considering what my world is like today, I can only imagine.  

-Dr Kelson, September 12, 1975.

@@ @@

</details>

<< [SCP-8044](SCP-8044) | SCP-8045| [SCP-8046](SCP-8046) >>

=====

> **Filename: TV_Static** 

> **Author: Rollcloud**

> **License:  Creative Commons Attribution 3.0**

> **Source Link: https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Tv_static.jpg** 

> **Additional Notes: Edited with https://www.lookandlearn.com/history-images/YYA0019709/Human-Figure-Anterior-View**

> **Filename: YYA0019709_Human-Figure-Anterior-View**

> **Name: Human Figure, Anterior View**  

> **Author: George Stubbs**

> **License:  Public Domain Dedication (CC0 1.0)**

> **Source Link: https://www.lookandlearn.com/history-images/YYA0019709/Human-Figure-Anterior-View**

> **Additional Notes: Edited with https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Tv_static.jpg**

=====
