**SCP-8248:** Words of the Father

**Author:** 

⚠️ CONTENT WARNING: ⚠️ Suicide, Self-harm

Thanks to everyone who helped me along the way.

=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8248

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Explained

**Special Containment Procedures (Archived):** 14 members of Foundation personnel are assigned to the care of SCP-8248. These personnel are tasked with incentivizing SCP-8248 to take social risks that encourage career advancementSCP-8248 is currently employed by ~~their own lemonade stand~~   ~~the student store at Kirkland Middle School~~   ~~Wisconsin State University as their youngest Adjunct Professor~~   ~~NASA~~   ~~Culver's~~   Culver's (as of 6/1/24)., development of personal and romantic friendships, and its hobbies. SCP-8248 is not to be made aware of this fact, and personnel may be replaced as needed to properly integrate into SCP-8248's environment.

Preventative phrases of encouragement are to be used regularly both toward and nearby SCP-8248. These "positive affirmations" are useful in mitigating and, in some cases, wholly preventing its destructive tendencies. Below is a list of phrases proven effective at maintaining normalcy.

* "I knew you'd give it your all!"

* "You can accomplish anything you set your mind to."

* "That's the spirit, champ."

* "You can do anything."

**Description:** SCP-8248 is an adult human male, located in Sloth's Pit, Wisconsin. SCP-8248 possesses infinite potentialLeiter-R; Roid & Miller, 1997 {{(conducted T+2y:00d:02h:00m:00s)}} See genetic analyses {{(T-180d:00h:00m:00s, T-90d:00h:00m:00s)}}See Administrator note {{(T-0)}} and limitless energySee Administrator note {{(T+31d:00h:11m:17s)}}. SCP-8248 demonstrates severely destructive behavior without adequate Foundation support on standby. Notable incidents have included:

* ~~14~~ 15 [DATA EXPUNGED]

* 112 severe lacerations, resulting [DATA EXPUNGED]

* Two full teams of [DATA EXPUNGED]

**Addendum 1:** - SECURITY FOOTAGE EXCERPT (Back office of Culver's restaurant local to SCP-8248):

Note: Agent Wilkins is currently undercover as local Culver's Manager, Fred Wontkins.

> [BEGIN LOG - 05/06/2024 14:17 CST]

>

> **Agent Wilkins:** Because you're on the clock. Can we discuss this after close?

>

> **SCP-8248:** No, you- just listen to me!

>

> **Agent Wilkins:** *(hushed, angry)* You're speaking nonsense, Pat. You've gone through a hell of a lot more'n I ever could, but I'm not putting up with this.

>

> **SCP-8248:** Say it, then! Call me a failure. Say there's something I can't do. Anything!

>

> **Agent Wilkins:** Come on, Pat. That isn't fair to-

>

> **SCP-8248:** Fine! I quit! *(shouting)* I can't DO this anymore!

>

> *SCP-8248 exits the office.*

>

> **Agent Wilkins:** You can't just-!

>

> *Agent Wilkins follows quickly behind SCP-8248.*

>

> [END LOG]

**Addendum 2:** - POST-OP DEBRIEF (9/14/2024 1158 CST):

> Encouragement of SCP-8248 has proven increasingly difficult of late. Subject has evaded the majority of personnel over the past 5 months, and today's attempt at connection resulted in an incident with 0 casualties and 112 injuries. Please advise.

**Administrator Note** {{(T+26y:136d:03h:23m:34s)}}**:** Subject has since sought therapy unprompted. Increase positive feedback.

**Addendum 3:** - NANOSECURITY FOOTAGE EXCERPT: (Office of Dr. Adria Huxon LCSW, PhD): 

[REDACTED]Administrator note {{(ERR:TIMER_NOT_ACTIVE)}}: I don't want to know if she was ours.

> [BEGIN LOG - 10/18/2024 16:55 CST]

>

> **SCP-8248:** And if I fail... again... what does that mean to my manager? Why do they all even bother if I'm not going to put in the effort?

>

> **Dr. Huxon:** You aren't bothering me.

>

> **SCP-8248:** You'll get there.

>

> **Dr. Huxon:** I won't.

>

> *(Fifteen seconds of silence.)*

>

> **Dr. Huxon:** That's all the time we have for today. You're a really good kid, Patrick, and I think your father would be proud of you coming this far. *(Brief pause)* I don't mean to presume-

>

> **SCP-8248:** No, it's- don't worry about it.

>

> *(Brief pause)*

>

> **SCP-8248:** I think I'm being foll-

>

> **Dr. Huxon:** (overlapping): I'd like to ease into-

>

> **Both:** What? Sorry, you go first.

>

> **SCP-8248:** Never mind, it's nothing.

>

> **Dr. Huxon:** It's okay if you want to take some time to gather your thoughts.

>

> **SCP-8248:** That's alright.

>

> *(SCP-8248 sharply inhales, as if to speak. Three seconds of silence. SCP-8248 exhales and makes a negative gesture with one hand.)*

>

> **SCP-8248:** No, really. It's nothing.

>

> *(Brief pause.)*

>

> **Dr. Huxon:** Well, I'd like us to ease into these sessions by meeting once a week, starting Tuesday - if that fits into your work schedule. It's going to be an uphill climb for you to get to where you wanna be, but - *(Dr. Huxon leans slightly toward SCP-8248 with a faux-conspiratorial nod)* - just between you and me... I think you're capable of damn near anything you set your mind to.

>

> *SCP-8248 stands abruptly.*

>

> [END LOG]

**Addendum 4** {{(T+26y:165d:16h:33m:00s)}}**:** ████████████████████ ███████████████████████████████████████. ██████████████ 10/19/24, 0133 CST. SCP-8248 will be interred at Site-87, Sloth's Pit, Wisconsin.

> > amnemosyne redact confirm 8248 scp.admin-000

> ARE YOU SURE YOU WISH TO CLASSIFY ENTRY 8248 VIA KEYWORDS: SELF-INFLICTED, HOSPITAL, SUICIDE? Y/N

> > y

> DOES THE BLACK MOON HOWL?

> > born of terrific impact, how else could it weep

> SAVING. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . DONE.

<< [SCP-8247](SCP-8247) | SCP-8248 | [SCP-8249](SCP-8249) >>
