=====

=====

#header h2 span {

  line-height: 0px;

  max-height: 0px;

  color: transparent;

  text-shadow: none;

}

#header h2 span::before {

  content: "CONTAIN, CONTAIN, CONTAIN.";

  color: #f0f0c0;

  text-shadow: 1px 1px 1px rgba(0, 0, 0, .8);

}

#header h1 a span {

  line-height: 0px;

  max-height: 0px;

  color: transparent;

  text-shadow: none;

}

#header h1 a::before {

  content: "SITE-01";

}

**Item #:** SCP-8748

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8748 is to be kept in a standard secure locker at Site-01. Personnel are not to consume whipped cream created using SCP-8748; the substance is to be incinerated after testing is completed.

**Description:** SCP-8748 is a steel kitchen whisk measuring 31 cm in length. It is visually consistent with commercially available manual balloon whisks, bearing no manufacturer markings.

When SCP-8748 is inserted into an open wound and rotated by hand, blood in the affected vascular region is rapidly transformed into dense whipped cream. This substance is chemically similar to dairy whipped topping, though it possesses an unusually rich texture and noticeably sweeter taste than conventional whipped cream.

Subjects remain alive and conscious during usage of SCP-8748 until enough blood has been converted to cause circulatory collapse. The cream does not change back after removal, and any blood lost due to SCP-8748 cannot be restored except through transfusion.

**Recovery:** SCP-8748 was recovered from the kitchen of the renowned Levain Bakery after twelve missing employees were linked to its use. The bodies of all twelve individuals were recovered from the bakery's cold storage, with only severely damaged flesh and exposed skeletal remains left intact. Investigations revealed that missing staff had been used by the head baker himself to produce whipped cream sold in several of the bakery's award-winning pastries.

The bakery was closed shortly after Foundation intervention under the pretense of health code violations. In the weeks following, former customers repeatedly contacted the bakery’s disconnected business line, many specifically asking when its signature cream pastries would return.

<< [SCP-8747](SCP-8747) | SCP-8748 | [SCP-8749](SCP-8749) >>

> **Filename:** 1

> **Name:** Miniatuur garde, van drie lussen ijzerdraad, objectnr 33236

> **Author:** Museum Rotterdam

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Miniatuur_garde,_van_drie_lussen_ijzerdraad,_objectnr_33236.JPG

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
