*SCP-8388 - Where People Really Die*

*by *

Check out my new shiny [author page!!](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/mouseatemyhouse)

The image, "candy and a free puppy" by alifayre, is licensed under CC BY 2.0.

---

**Assigned Site**

**Site Director**

**Research Head**

**Assigned Task Force**

Site-322

Dir. Spencer Hill

~~[Dr. Elaine Foster](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8188)~~

Sr. Researcher Bryan Yoshino

MTF Eta-50 "Mr. Nice Guys"

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8388-1 instances are to be contained within ~~standard~~ enhanced humanoid containment chambers at Site-322. Direct communication with SCP-8388-1 instances ~~may be done in person~~ 

~~may be done through screens or windows~~

 is to be limited to essential interactions only and must be conducted via one-way intercom or written messages. 

All communication with SCP-8388-1 instances must avoid expressions or behaviors commonly associated with politeness Including but not limited to the use of "please," "thank you," and "you're welcome"., be conducted with an objective tone, and use pre-approved neutral language. Personnel assigned to SCP-8388 must undergo ~~monthly~~ weekly memetic resistance screening. Social rituals involving politeness are to be minimized in all SCP-8388 research wings.

In the event of a suspected exposure, personnel are to be monitored for compulsive accommodation, self-diminishing behavior, and inability to assert personal boundaries. Confirmed cases are to be reclassified as SCP-8388-1 instances and transferred to quarantine. Mobile Task Force Eta-50 ("Mr. Nice Guys") is tasked with detecting SCP-8388 and containing potential SCP-8388-1 instances in densely populated areas. SCP-8388-1 instances that have been evaluated as cured may be returned to their previous place of residence following amnesticization.

**Description:** SCP-8388 is a memetic virus that causes excessive acts of politeness. Transmission vectors include, but are not limited to:

* Over-expressions of gratitude,

* Apologies,

* Deferential phrasing,

* The acceptance of requests.

Infected individuals (designated SCP-8388-1) display a progressive compulsion toward extreme courteousness. Early symptoms include excessive apologizing, compulsive agreement, and prioritization of others' needs. In advanced stages, individuals lose the ability to refuse requests, vocally express discomfort, or advocate for their own well-being. However, they may retain control of their facial features and body language in order to communicate reluctance or disagreement. 

Late-stage SCP-8388-1 instances may endanger themselves or others by adhering to socially polite behavior to extreme lengths, with requests or orders taking priority over rational self-preservation. Multiple documented cases have shown instances giving away essential possessions, endangering their health to avoid appearing "rude", and/or allowing themselves to be manipulated or harmed without protest.

SCP-8388 is transmitted when a non-infected individual shows appreciation for any of an SCP-8388-1 instance's actions  Merely saying "thank you" can result in infection. , or when a non-infected individual begins to exhibit fixation on the emotional states, needs, or approval of others. The most consistent cure for SCP-8388 is extended isolation. The minimum amount of time recorded to have cured an instance is currently two weeks. The maximum amount of time recorded is currently two months.  This has been shown to cure the majority of SCP-8388-1 instances, however, a limited number of victims remain compulsively courteous for an extended time afterwards. These cases have not been shown to continue transmitting SCP-8388, but are more likely to become reinfected through their own fixation of other's needs.  

**Addendum 8388.1:** Discovery

<details>
<summary>+ Access Discovery</summary>

SCP-8388 first came to Foundation attention following a routine digital sweep of local law enforcement reports and municipal social services logs. A string of unusual behavior reports flagged the attention of Foundation webcrawlers and the Mississauga Department of Human Services. Notable incidents included:

* A crossing guard who stood in the middle of an intersection for nine hours, insisting "you go first" to all approaching vehicles.

* A nursing home resident who reportedly refused to sleep or eat until every other patient had done so, resulting in hospitalization from exhaustion.

* Several reports of citizens giving away large quantities of food, money, and personal belongings without apparent cause or coercion.

* A local diner filling with patrons who persistently refused to be served before others, creating a recursive refusal loop.

These events coincided with the disappearance of social worker Lisa Morrison on 5/26/2025. Morrison had submitted a formal concern a week prior, regarding "excessive kindness" within her neighborhood to her employer and the OCSWSSW Ontario College of Social Workers and Social Service Workers. , noting clients who appeared emotionally distressed through their body language but otherwise incapable of expressing discomfort or setting boundaries. Her final written correspondence includes this statement:

They keep smiling even when they're scared. It's like they can't say no. I asked one woman if she was okay, and she just whispered "I'm so sorry" over and over until I left her house. I don’t know what’s going on, but it isn’t normal.

Morrison failed to appear for her next scheduled shift at her employing facility and was not seen there again. A welfare check conducted at her residence found the home unlocked, with her work bag and coat still within her bedroom. Morrison was later found to been coerced into joining a rural religious commune in the northern part of the province, several hours from her home.

Foundation containment teams were deployed into Mississauga under the pretense of a regional natural gas leak. Testing of local residents confirmed that the anomalous compulsion spread through specific verbal and behavioral interactions centered around social politeness. A total of 31 individuals were identified as SCP-8388-1 and relocated to Site-322.

</details>

**Addendum 8388.2:** Interviews of Instances

<details>
<summary>+ Access Interviews</summary>

Following initial containment of the 31 SCP-8388-1 instances recovered from Mississauga, baseline behavioral assessments were conducted to evaluate memetic saturation, psychological stability, and potential for recovery. 

*Note: This interview occurred within an interrogation room. Junior Researcher Rozwell and the SCP-8388-1 instance sat face-to-face between a table.*

**Interviewer:** Junior Researcher James Rozwell

**Interviewee:** SCP-8388-1-4 (formerly Evan Kingsley, 54-year-old male, advanced stage)

---

**Rozwell:** Good morning, SCP-8388-1-4. Have you slept well?

**SCP-8388-1-4:** Oh, yes. Absolutely. Thank you so much for checking. That’s very considerate of you.

**Rozwell:** You don’t need to thank me. Let’s begin. How are you feeling today?

**SCP-8388-1-4**: I’m just fine, really. I don’t want to take up too much of your time. I'm sure you're very busy.

**Rozwell:** Oh well, I'm just assigned to talk to you for now. There’s no need to worry about that.

**SCP-8388-1-4:** Well, that’s just so generous of you. Thank you, really. Sorry if I had cut into your schedule. 

**Rozwell:** Um.. try to answer plainly from here on. We’re monitoring your responses for diagnostic purposes.

**SCP-8388-1-4:** Of course. Sorry. I'll do my best. I hope I don't mess it up. I'll really try, honest.

**Rozwell:** Let’s begin with a simple question. Why do you think you’re here?

**SCP-8388-1-4:** I'm not sure.. maybe it was when I helped a woman carry her bags. She said I was sweet. She said it was okay but I.. I didn’t want to be rude. I simply insisted on helping her. I just didn’t want her to feel like she was alone. That wouldn’t be right, would it?

**Rozwell:** When did you begin noticing a change in your behavior?

**SCP-8388-1-4:** Oh, I don't know, I think it was after the third time I apologized to my neighbor for mowing too loudly. It was around 11 a.m., I thought it would be okay.. but he gave me some trouble. I started worrying a lot after that. What if people thought I was selfish?

**Rozwell:** Have you felt unable to say no to others?

**SCP-8388-1-4:** I’ve tried. I just smile instead. Once, a man on the bus asked me if he could have my wallet. He didn’t threaten me.. he simply asked and I gave it to him. I hoped it helped. Would you like my wallet?

**Rozwell:** ..No. Did you want to give it to him?

**SCP-8388-1-4:** ..Sort of. At first, not quite, but it felt.. rude not to. And I didn’t want him to feel bad. That would’ve been worse. It's nice to be nice, I'd say. I'm sure he's doing better off. So I suppose I did.

**Rozwell:** If I told you to refuse the next request made to you, would you be able to do it?

**SCP-8388-1-4:** I can try. I really will. Please, let me try.

**Rozwell:** Alright. You should refuse this question, then. Can I have your left shoe?

*SCP-8388-1-4 becomes visibly tense.*

**SCP-8388-1-4:** I.. I...

**Rozwell:** Mr. Kingsley?

*SCP-8388-1-4 removes its shoe and places it on Rozwell's side of the table.*

**SCP-8388-1-4:** I’m so sorry. I didn’t mean to. I wanted to try. I really did.

**Rozwell:** You haven’t done anything wrong. We’re just gathering data.

**SCP-8388-1-4:** But if I could’ve done better. If I weren’t sick, you wouldn’t need data. And that would be better for you. I should’ve thought of that. I'm sorry.

**Rozwell:** You are not sick, Mr. Kingsley. You’re simply experiencing a condition we are studying.

**SCP-8388-1-4:** *(whispering)* I’m sorry.

**Rozwell:** Let’s try something else. I’m going to insult you. I want you to respond however you like. Alright?

**SCP-8388-1-4:** If you think it’s best, I’m happy to help.

**Rozwell:** You’re a spineless coward who let a stranger rob you out of sheer weakness.

*SCP-8388-1-4 smiles.*

**SCP-8388-1-4:** That’s fair.

**Rozwell:** You’re pathetic. You’re not even trying to resist. You’re just a puppet that lets people pull his strings.

*SCP-8388-1-4's smile becomes more taut.*

**SCP-8388-1-4:** I’m glad you said that. I don’t hear the truth often enough. And if it helped you to say it, I’m happy you could get it off your chest. I’m sorry you have to deal with people like me.

*Rozwell looks incredulously at SCP-8388-1-4.*

**Rozwell:** That’s enough.

**SCP-8388-1-4:** Thank you.

---

*Note:  This interview occurred within an interrogation room. Dr. Elaine Foster and the SCP-8388-1 instance sat face-to-face between a table.*

**Interviewer:** Dr. Elaine Foster

**Interviewee:** SCP-8388-1-12 (formerly Nadine Porter, 22-year-old female, early stage)

---

*Foster enters the room and begins to sit across from the SCP-8388-1 instance.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Oh, hello! How are you today?

**Foster:** Hello. This won’t take up much of your time.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** It’s no trouble at all. I’m just happy to help.

**Foster:** Let’s get started. We believe you may be affected with an emotional disorder of sorts. I’d like to ask you a few questions to assess your current state of mind. Are you comfortable proceeding?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Of course! Please, anything you need.

**Foster:** Good. Let’s start with something simple. How have you been feeling, physically and emotionally?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Physically? Fine, I think. I get tired sometimes. Emotionally... I don't know. Maybe a little stretched thin. But it’s okay. I can manage. What about you?

**Foster:** I'm fine. Do you feel compelled to make others comfortable, even when you’re uncomfortable?

*SCP-8388-1-12 reluctantly nods.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Recently, I keep thinking about what my mom used to say.. “Don’t fidget. Don’t interrupt. Don’t be ungrateful.” ..I want to do the right thing. I want to be good.

**Foster:** And when did that begin?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Maybe a month ago. I said “thank you” to this old lady who held a door for me, and she said “anything for a kind soul.” Such a sweet woman.. and something about that stuck.. like I owed her more. I baked her banana bread the next day, my very own recipe. I started doing things for my neighbors.. started volunteering. Giving away things. I was trying to be nice. I think.. maybe it could've been too much sometimes, but as long as those people were happy.

**Foster:** Did anyone ever ask you to stop?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** My sister did once. She said I was acting weird. Like I was trying too hard. She told me to take a break, but I couldn’t. I didn't really want to. I said sorry for making her worry and offered to clean her apartment. ..I think that scared her more.

**Foster:** Do you feel capable of refusing a request?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** I.. think I can, yeah. That's not hard.

**Foster:** Okay. I'm going to ask you to stand up and spin until you're dizzy. I wa-

*SCP-8388-1-12 begins to stand.*

**Foster:** Stop. I didn't mean right now.

*SCP-8388-1-12 sits back down.*

**Foster:** I'm going to ask you to stand up and spin until you're dizzy, but I assume you don't actually want to do this, right?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Not.. particularly.

**Foster:** Stand up and spin for me.

*SCP-8388-1-12 appears visibly uncomfortable.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** I.. I'm good, thanks. Oh, God. I'm sorry. I'm sorry about that. Truly, I apologize. I..

[REDUNDANT SPEECH EXPUNGED]

**SCP-8388-1-12:** I sincerely hope you can forgive me, Miss Foster. I should let you speak now. I'm sorry, I've just been apologizing, I'm sure it's really annoying. Sorry. 

**Foster:** ..Well, then. Final question. Have you ever felt anger about all this? At anything someone has asked you to do, or at your impulse to please people?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** ..Yes. Not at anyone else. Just at myself. For not saying anything. For letting people take, and take, and take... even when I'm tired. 

**Foster:** I want you to know.. you’re allowed to feel that way. That’s not a weakness.

*SCP-8388-1-12 appeared sullen for the majority of the interview, but at Foster's comment, it begins to smile.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** That’s kind of you to say. You're.. you're very easy to talk to.

**Foster:** That will be all for today. I’ll follow up soon.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Of course, thank you so much for seeing me! 

*Foster rises from her seat and opens the interrogation room's door.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** And, um.. Miss Foster?

**Foster:** Yes?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Please take care of yourself. You seem very busy.

*Foster smiles warmly.*

**Foster:** [DATA CORRUPTED] The video and audio feed severely distorted at this point in the interview. Assumed to be caused by a simple malfunction of the security camera.  Nadine.

---

</details>

**Addendum 8388.3:** Testing Logs

<details>
<summary>+ Access Testing Logs</summary>

*Note: This test occurred within a testing chamber with Dr. Foster viewing through a glass window on the outside. D-2061 was placed in the chamber with SCP-8388-1-12. SCP-8388-1-12's condition had advanced in severity since its last interview.*

**Subject:** SCP-8388-1-12 (formerly Nadine Porter, 22-year-old female, advanced stage)

**Testers:** Dr. Elaine Foster, D-2061

---

**Foster:** Good afternoon. I'm Dr. Foster. Do you remember me?

*SCP-8388-1-12 looks around quickly and sights Foster. It quickly rises from its chair and stands in front of the window.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Yes! Of course I do! You were so kind! Would you like to come in? Please, please, come in. You can have my seat!

**Foster:** That will not be necessary. My cohort will be interviewing you.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Oh, of course, of course. That's no problem. Still, would you like to come in? I can open-

**Foster:** Nadine.. just sit.

*SCP-8388-1-12 quickly runs to her chair and sits. Foster nods at D-2061.*

**D-2061:** Er, hey there. *(D-2061 glances at his clipboard.)* Are you.. good?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Oh, absolutely. I'm just happy to be here. I hope I can help. You seem very nice! How are you today?

*D-2061 glances at Foster through the glass, appearing uncomfortable.*

**D-2061:** I'm fine, thanks It is believed that SCP-8388 began to infect D-2061 after he reciprocated the instance's kindness with this "thanks". .. So, uh, can you.. take off your jacket?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Sure! If you think I should, then I absolutely will. I wouldn't want to make you uncomfortable.

*SCP-8388-1-12 shrugs off her jacket and places it behind itself on the chair. D-2061 looks at the clipboard again.*

**D-2061:** Could you actually give it to me, please?

*SCP-8388-1-12 frowns, but maintains a cheery tone of voice.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Yes, please take it. I hope you like it. I found it quite nice to wear.. so I truly hope it's comfortable for you! Here, let me..

*SCP-8388-1-12 stands with jacket in hand, walks around the table, and gently places its jacket over D-2061's shoulders before returning to its seat.*

**D-2061:** Thanks for that.. I.. D-2061's next task was to order SCP-8388-1-12 to perform jumping jacks, but SCP-8388 infection prevented him from continuing to order tasks.  Yeah, thanks. Very generous of you, really. You can even have it back if you like.

*Foster signals for security to terminate the interview.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Why, how kind of you! No, it's quite fine, I think you're better off with it than me, haha. I'm sure you'll put it to better use.

*Security officers enter the room and ask D-2061 and SCP-8388-1-12 to stand and follow them out of the interrogation room. They do so. D-2061 was reclassified to SCP-8388-1-32. Following this test, face-to-face communication with SCP-8388-1 instances was prohibited.* 

---

*The following is a truncated test log. Junior Researcher Rozwell gave requests to SCP-8388-1 instances behind a glass window.*

**Subject:** SCP-8388-1-21 (formerly Jacob Thompson, 29-year-old male, advanced stage)

**Request:** "Tie your shoes."

**Result:** Subject immediately began to comply, but realized it was not wearing shoes. Regardless, subject mimed tying motions on its feet, then walked up to the window and profusely apologized to Junior Researcher Rozwell for not having shoes to tie.

**Request:** "Draw a picture of yourself." 

**Result:** Subject was provided with paper and a pencil. Produced a sketch of a humanoid face and Rozwell, the latter drawing being of notable quality. When questioned on its reasoning for doing so, stated that it "didn't want him to feel left out."

**Request:** "Draw a picture of only yourself."

**Result:** Subject requested a mirror to perform the task as it expressed uncertainty of what it looked like. Rozwell held up a mirror to the window and subject produced a pencil sketch of itself.

**Request:** "Bark like a dog and crawl in a circle."

**Result:** Subject got down on all fours, barked, panted, wagged rear end, and circled around until told to stop. Subject showed visible embarrassment; when asked how the action made it feel, replied “strange”, but still asked if further entertainment was needed.

---

**Subject:** SCP-8388-1-32 (formerly D-2061, 35-year-old male, early stage)

**Request:** "Give me your jacket."

**Result:** Subject showed signs of resistance, murmuring that "she Presumably SCP-8388-1-12.  wanted me to keep it", but eventually relinquished the jacket to Rozwell after he opened the door to allow it to.

*Note: Why Junior Researcher Rozwell only chose to do one test with this instance is unknown. Rozwell was seen wearing the jacket during the rest of testing.*

---

**Subject:** SCP-8388-1-24 (formerly Maya Galihai, 20-year-old female, early stage)

**Request:** Instead of making a request, Rozwell addressed the instance and deliberately mispronounced its name as "Mara".

**Result:** Subject visually hesitated, but corrected Rozwell before quickly adding to him that "You can call me whatever you like, I don't mind. I'd just hate for you to be embarrassed for being incorrect or anything."

**Request:** "Organize this box of pens by shade on the table in front of you."

**Result:** Subject was provided with a box of 100 generic ballpoint pens with identical color. Subject attempted to create a gradient in spite of this. When asked if it enjoyed the task, it nodded and said it felt "happy to help". When asked about the quality of its work, stated that it "wasn't sure" whether it performed the task correctly and asked for reassurance that it was helpful. 

**Request:** Instead of making a request, Rozwell shoved papers through a slot in the glass onto the floor of the testing chamber.

**Result:** Subject waited approximately three seconds before rising from its seat to retrieve the papers and attempted to return them through the slot.

---

**Subject:** SCP-8388-1-2 (formerly Carson Gaines, 31-year-old male, late stage)

**Request:** Rozwell spilled a cup of water through a slot in the glass window, then asked the instance to "clean up this water".

**Result:** Subject used sleeves of its shirt to mop up the water, then removed its shirt entirely to absorb the rest. Expressed shame for the original spill despite not being involved. 

**Request:** "Put your shirt back on."

**Result:** Subject quickly clothed itself with its shirt and profusely apologized to Rozwell for having it off.

**Request:** "Be quiet."

**Result:** Subject nodded and remained silent until allowed to speak again after 30 minutes. Subject mouthed silently to Rozwell "what else can I do" at minute 7. Upon being allowed to speak, hastily told Rozwell that it was "sorry if it was breathing too loud."

**Request:** "Smile, Carson."

**Result:** Subject immediately produced an exaggerated grin, maintaining it for 4 minutes without blinking until told to stop. Smile became increasingly strained and unnatural. Rozwell reported feeling “deeply unsettled” by prolonged exposure.

**Request:** "Eat."

**Result:** A paper plate holding a grilled cheese sandwich had been previously placed into the testing chamber. Subject expressed extreme gratitude and began eating in a neat and excessively meticulous fashion. 

At approximately 20 minutes into the test, Rozwell was pulled aside by Dr. Foster who reprimanded him for previously opening the door to SCP-8388-1-32, reminding him of new amendments to containment and testing procedures prohibiting face-to-face communication with SCP-8388-1 instances. 

At approximately 25 minutes, SCP-8388-1-2 finished eating its sandwich and looked around. Upon not sighting Rozwell, instance squirmed uncomfortably and decided to begin eating its plate. 

At approximately 30 minutes, instance finished its plate and again appeared uneasy. The instance then began to attempt to consume the table.

At approximately 35 minutes Rozwell's conversation with Foster took 9 minutes. The rest of his absence was due to restroom use. , Rozwell returned to the testing chamber, sighted the instance biting the table, and commanded it to stop. When questioned on why it attempted to eat the table, subject cited that Rozwell told it to "eat".

The instance suffered light chipping in a canine tooth. The table was left with bite marks on various parts of its top and legs.

*Note: Site Director Spencer Hill proceeded to reprimand Research Head Dr. Elaine Foster for allowing a junior researcher to perform tests on an anomaly without supervision. Following this incident, communication to SCP-8388-1 instances was restricted to one-way methods, and all language was restricted to pre-approved statements and requests only.*

</details>

**Addendum 8388.4:** Incident Log

<details>
<summary>+ Access Incident Log</summary>

Researcher Ryan Martsch remarked to other colleagues that Research Head Dr. Elaine Foster had been acting out of character for a number of days. When questioned further about this by Site Director Spencer Hill, Martsch cited the following of Dr. Foster's actions:

* Had begun to compulsively clean workspaces that were not her own

* Was cleaning the mess hall for over an hour before being confronted by Martsch, reportedly saying that she "wanted to give the janitors a break"

* Failed to attend a meeting scheduled between her and the research team, instead sitting silently outside of a restroom When asked why after being found, Dr. Foster replied, "I was asked to wait here." Further investigation found that she was told by a member of janitorial staff to wait before going in, as they were in the process of cleaning the restroom. 

Before Dr. Foster was able to be questioned and screened for SCP-8388 infection, she conducted an unauthorized entry into an SCP-8388-1 instance's containment cell.

[BEGIN FOOTAGE]

*Dr. Foster enters the cell with a plastic container and a carton of milk. The instance inside, SCP-8388-1-12, looks up in awe.*

**Foster:** Good afternoon, Nadine. How are we today?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Miss Foster? Wow, I haven't seen you in so long! Dr. Foster's last interaction with SCP-8388-1-12 was three weeks before this incident. SCP-8388-1-12's condition was believed to have decreased in severity.

*The instance stands and goes to hug Foster. Foster smiles and reciprocates.*

**Foster:** Well.. I didn't want to be rude. I thought you might miss me.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** You always cared lots, miss. You're not like the rest, you know. I hope you've been taking care of yourself.

**Foster:** Haha, don't worry about me. I hope you'll like what I brought.

*Foster sits down on the floor with the instance and hands it the container and carton. SCP-8388-1-12 opens the container to reveal baked banana bread.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Ouh, is this banana bread?

**Foster:** It is!

**SCP-8388-1-12:** My favorite! Did you bake it yourself?

**Foster:** Mm-hmm. I had a couple of overripe bananas, and I thought of what you had told me before.. about the old lady and you baking for her.

*The instance smiles in reverence of Foster.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** So, you went and baked some just for me.. may I?

**Foster:** Oh, of course!

*The instance tears off a piece of bread and chews slowly.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** You always brought something warm. Everyone else brings clipboards and questions. You bring something that feels like a Saturday.

*Foster giggles.*

**Foster:** I always bring snacks for people. Even did it in school. Bake sales needed muffins, or whatever.. I just liked it when people got happy about it.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** You're so generous, Miss Foster. Taking care of everything.

**Foster:** *(quietly)* Someone has to.

*The instance sets the bread down, licking crumbs from its fingers.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** People like you.. you're magic. You swoop in, fix everything, make it look easy, and you don’t get mad. You don’t even ask for anything back.

*Foster laughs dryly.*

**Foster:** The "magic" doesn’t come free.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** What does it cost?

**Foster:** ..Sleep, mostly. And.. *(Foster gestures vaguely.)* whatever it is that tells you to stop.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** I guess I've been doing the same thing.. kinda feels like a bad deal.

**Foster:** I suppose. I just kept doing the next thing and the next thing after that.. just for the others. Just for the smiles they'd give. Or even the ones they wouldn't. *(Foster shrugs.)* There's a kind of.. warmth to it.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** ..Like banana bread?

*They both laugh.*

**Foster:** Yeah, like banana bread. It doesn't last long but it's enough.. until it's not anymore. So then, you have to do the next thing.

*They sit quietly for a few seconds. The instance eats another piece of the bread and sips milk from the carton.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Oh, wait, oh my God.. Miss Foster, I'm so sorry!

*SCP-8388-1-12 attempts to give the container and carton to Foster.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** I didn't even ask if you wanted any!

**Foster:** Oh no, it's alright! I brought it for you. 

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Come on, I'd feel selfish if I didn't let you have some!

[REDUNDANT SPEECH EXPUNGED]

**Foster:** Alright, alright, fine.. but only because you asked me to.

*Foster takes a piece of banana bread and eats it. She then takes the carton from the instance's outstretched hand, and drinks from it.*

**Foster:** Huh.. pretty good. I surprise myself sometimes.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** You know.. I don't want to be rude, miss.. but you look a little different.

**Foster:** How so?

**SCP-8388-1-12:** I don't know. Tired, maybe. You sound quieter.. like your voice is coming from farther away.

**Foster:** I don't know. I've been feeling like I'm watching myself from across the room. I still smile, nod, but it's like I'm borrowing my own face.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** That's how I felt! Before coming here, everything I said started to feel like I was quoting something. 

**Foster:** Like you're rehearsing it instead of living it. I guess I'm infected. Thing is.. I've always felt like this. Nothing's really changed.

**Foster:** And I *hate* that.

*There is a pause.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** I understand. I used to talk and talk, trying to be understood, but it’s like people only catch the top layer. Underneath, it just gets quieter and quieter.

**Foster:** Ugh, that’s the worst part. The quiet. The idea that you're not being productive for a second. It makes rest feel like something wrong.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** That’s what happened to her too.. the old lady I told you about. She was my neighbor. She said yes to everything. She was so generous.. far too much for her own good. One day, it felt like she was just absorbed into her kitchen. She never bothered looking out for herself anymore.

**Foster:** Sounds like my mother.. I still remember one day that she told me to be ambitious. To "make something" of myself. I remember your mother told you the opposite.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** Yeah.. "Don't fidget. Don't interrupt. Don't be ungrateful." She said plenty of other stuff but those were her favorites, I guess. You remembered that?

**Foster:** I remember the small things. I think they’re all I have left of myself.

*SCP-8388-1-12 looks down, then gently places the bread back in the container.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** I don’t want that to happen to you.

*Foster's expression becomes regretful.*

**Foster:** I think it already is.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** But.. you’re still here. You made me banana bread and brought me milk, but.. you're taking some too. You’re sitting on the floor with me. You can still let yourself have something.

*Foster smiles faintly.*

**Foster:** I think I’m here because I didn’t know where else to go. Sure, I wanted to be kind.. but I'm really, *really* not supposed to be here right now. And still, it feels like nothing.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** It’s not nothing. It matters. Even if it’s just for today. I'm sorry if I get you in trouble.

**Foster:** *(whispering)* Thank you.

*Foster takes another sip from the carton, then carefully hands it back. They sit in silence again.*

**SCP-8388-1-12:** ..Promise me something?

**Foster:** Of course.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** If you feel yourself slipping too far, come back here. Just sit with me. You don’t have to bring anything. You can just focus.. on yourself.

*Foster appears to tear up.*

**Foster:** I’ll try.

**SCP-8388-1-12:** No.. no trying. Just come. Even if you don’t know why. I'll even keep some of the food that they give me, for next time.

*They both laugh softly.*

**Foster:** Deal.

*Dr. Foster closes her eyes and leans back against the cell wall. SCP-8388-1-12 hums a tuneless melody. No further conversation is recorded for the remainder of the footage.*

[END FOOTAGE]

Dr. Elaine Foster was later confirmed to have been infected with SCP-8388 and was put under standard quarantine procedure. After being deemed cured, she was transferred to [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8188 another research team] and her place as Research Head was filled by Senior Researcher Bryan Yoshino. SCP-8388-1-12 was later released from Foundation custody after evaluation confirmed her as free of SCP-8388, and was [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/bananabreadbunch amnesticized accordingly.]

</details>

<< [SCP-8387](SCP-8387) | SCP-8388 | [SCP-8389](SCP-8389) >>
