=====

=====

]

@@ @@

**SCP-8360:** Nahualismo

**Author:** 

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains a content warning: Violence, Murder, Torture, Drug Trafficking, Cartel Violence, Genocide, Internment Camps, Bigotry, Racism, Fascism.

@@ @@

@@ @@

### Special Containment Procedures:

Containment of criminal SCP-8360 instances has been deemed a top priority in the anomalous front of the Mexican Drug War. Likewise, dismantling paracriminal activity constitutes an important step towards SCP-8360's containment.  

No solution for the containment of SCP-8360 has been found. Hard containment Containment that restricts the anomaly's physical freedom, i.e., detainment inside a facility. of SCP-8360's total population has been deemed practically and ethically unfeasible. Soft containment Containment that protects the Veil without the physical confinement of the anomaly. efforts should identify, monitor, and negotiate with the SCP-8360 population to foster collaboration and compliance with the law and the Veil.

Currently, the GGCDGlobal Geopolitics and Counterinsurgency Department. Foundation's Department dealing with anomalies that can affect international political stability, such as armed criminal groups with anomalous capabilities. is coordinating interagency military actions against anomalous drug cartels and extremist groups. Current involved parties include the Foundation, the UIU, A-DEA,Abnormal Drugs Enforcement Administration. CPIA,Central Paranormal Intelligence Agency. PENTAGRAM, CALMECAC, *Comandancia de Armamento y Logística Mexicana para el Control de Amenazas Contranaturales.* (Mexican Armament and Logistic Command for the Control of Unnatural Menaces). Anomalous branch of *Secretaría de la Defensa Nacional*, SEDENA (Secretariat of National Defense). , and private contractors, such as the Valravn Corporation.

SCP-8360 instances working alongside hostile armed groups and criminal organizations (including but not limited to [ Sin Nombre drug cartel](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/uiu-file-2020-289), [ Cartel de Puebla](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7890), [ Los Ocultos gang](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2961), [ and the left-wing extremist group Las Víboras](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7269)) are to be subjected to hard containment or, if necessary, neutralization. While instances of SCP-8360 are resilient to conventional ammunition, high-voltage electrical-shock weaponry has shown to be remarkably effective, particularly in non-lethal containment scenarios. 

Contrary to previous hypotheses, access to an animal-themed mask is not a requirement for SCP-8360's shapeshifting abilities; thus, further containment protocols are needed. Beryllium bronze handcuffs are effective in preventing SCP-8360 transformation. Ongoing research is being conducted on the effectiveness of traditional wards against SCP-8360, such as seals depicting Saint Benedict of Nursia and the Hand of Fatima, as well as consecrated salts and aromatic herbs.The effectiveness of these wards appears to be correlated with the caster's 'faith' level, measured in residual Akiva radiation.

@@ @@

### Description:

SCP-8360 refers to a thaumaturgical culture-bound phenomenon endemic to Mesoamerica in which certain individuals develop shape-shifting therianthropic abilities. SCP-8360 has been described by several cultures across Mesoamerica, including Olmec, Toltec, Nahua, Maya, and Hispanic.  

While the exact conditions that cause SCP-8360 to manifest in particular individuals are still unclear, it is assumed to have a genetic component. Predisposition to SCP-8360 is relatively common among the Mexican and Central American populations and their diaspora. Demographic data on the SCP-8360 population remains unreliable; it is estimated that 0.02% of the Mexican population are active SCP-8360 instances, while between 1% and 2% are believed to have latent SCP-8360 potential. Similar percentages are assumed to hold for Central American countries and immigrant communities in the USA.

Traditional sources relate SCP-8360 to the concept of *tonal* or *tonalli*, a belief found in many indigenous Mesoamerican cultures that a person, upon being born, acquires a close spiritual and lifelong link to an animal. Traditional sources suggest this link can be fostered and strengthened through thaumaturgic means to the point of total synthesis and symbiosis between the human body and the animal spirit. Each instance of SCP-8360 is able to transform, either partially or fully, into a single animal species, presumably corresponding to its particular *tonal* animal. SCP-8360 shapeshifting forms range from mostly humanoid to fully animalistic ones. These transformations display physical capabilities that exceed both human and non-anomalous animal levels.

SCP-8360 therianthropic shapeshifting can be aided with animal-themed masks corresponding to the *tonal* animal of each specific SCP-8360 instance. A variety of masks are used for this purpose, ranging from handcrafted wooden pieces to mass-produced latex ones. Analysis of recovered masks has not revealed evidence of thaumaturgical or anomalous properties. This, coupled with evidence that experienced SCP-8360 instances can seamlessly transform without using masks (maskless transformation has also been observed in less experienced SCP-8360, particularly in situations of great stress), suggests these objects merely serve as focus aids to channel thaumaturgical energy rather than being required for the transformation.

@@ @@

### Addendum A - Incidents L-336 and L-778

SCP-8360 instances were involved in an incident at the U.S.-Mexico border, leading to the death of five members of the U.S. Border Patrol and exacerbating the diplomatic tensions between both nations regarding migratory and parasecurity policies. 

Coincidentally, the discovery of a mass grave inside an abandoned farm in Las Cruces, Guerrero, challenged the efficacy of current SCP-8360 containment efforts. Of the 156 bodies recovered, at least 133 were confirmed by paraforensic analysis to be of SCP-8360's instances. Three of the baseline human bodies recovered were identified as U.S. citizens, one identified as a missing undercover A-DEA agent.

@@ @@

### Addendum B - Interview with POI-8877:

##### **Audio Log: Interview with POI-8877**

---

**NOTE:** CALMECAC security forces detained POI-8877, an SCP-8360 instance, after illegally entering the Las Cruces crime scene. He was handed over to the Foundation's custody for interrogation.

---

###### [BEGIN LOG]

(*POI-8877, a tall man of wide frame, sits at the interrogation table, handcuffed with beryllium bronze. He is looking down, his face not fully visible to the camera. Agent Oca enters the room and sits in front of POI-8877.*)

**Agent Oca:** Greetings, my name is Gerardo Oca . 

**POI-8877:** (*Answers without raising his head to look at Agent Oca*) Let me guess, you are the 'good' cop.

**Agent Oca:** I'm not a cop.

**POI-8877:** Then, you are the 'good' jailer. 

**Agent Oca:** You may not be inclined to believe me, but I'm here to help you. And you will need help: you were caught breaking into a restricted area. Then, you resisted the arrest by turning into an apex predator.

**POI-8877:** I only meant to scare them.

**Agent Oca:** It seems you were successful... 

(*POI-8877 raises his head, revealing several bruises, a black-eye, and a cut in the upper lip.*) 

**Agent Oca:** Perhaps too much.

**POI-8877:** Your friends had their fun.

**Agent Oca:** For what it's worth, I'm sorry. Let me make it up to you.

**POI-8877:** (*Sighs.*) How so?

**Agent Oca:** You don't seem to me like a Sin Nombre. And we prefer to collaborate rather than lock peaceful SC... *nahuales*.Agent Oca is referring to SCP-8360 instances by their traditional folkloric name. Let me know who you are, and we can show the Foundation you are not the enemy.

**POI-8877:** If you want me to talk about myself, I'd rather do it comfortably. (*Shakes his hands.*) Why don't you take off the handcuffs?

**Agent Oca:** I'm afraid those have to stay.

**POI-8877:**  (*Points to his neck.*) Shock collar?

**Agent Oca:** Negative.

**POI-8877:** And the San Benito medallion?

**Agent Oca:** Hmmm... San Benito can go. (*Agent Oca removes the suppresive medallion from POI-8877's neck*)

**POI-8877:** (*Stretching his neck*) Much better...

**Agent Oca:** Who are you?

**POI-8877:**  My name is Uriel Castillo Bah.

**Agent Oca:** Clan Bah,Family of SCP-8360 practitioners and traditional shamans from the Yucatán Península. eh? You are far from home. Why were you trying to break into the crime scene?

**POI-8877:** You call that a crime scene? That was a godammed extermination camp!

**Agent Oca:** Perhaps, but what was your business there?

**POI-8877:** Look, I don't trust you *carceleros*,Jailers. but we do have a common enemy here. Perhaps we could work together for once. And I have nothing to hide: I came here looking for my brother, Abdiel Castillo Bah. 

**Agent Oca:** Is he missing?

**POI-8877:** We lost contact with him a few months ago. He has never been too close to the family, but we got worried after we got news Sin Nombre had been kidnapping *nahuales*. My grandmother has the gift and curse of prophecy: she gave us a bad omen. When I heard about the mass grave... I...

**Agent Oca:** I have good news for you, Uriel. Your brother is alive.

**POI-8877:** Are you sure? Where is he?

**Agent Oca:** (*Retrives a folder from a suitcase and puts it on the table.*) Abdiel Castillo Bah, instance of SCP-8360, arrested after an altercation with Valravn security contractors in Guadalajara. 

**POI-8877:** Those dammed Ravens! What did they do to him?

**Agent Oca:** He is fine and now under the Foundation's custody.

**POI-8877:** Let me see him, please.

**Agent Oca:** You will. Both of your stories check. We just need to corroborate more details and set up some bureaucratic stuff... but you two should be clear soon.

**POI-8877:** Oca... thanks.

**Agent Oca:** I was not lying when I said I wanted to help. Now I'll need yours. You are right, we do have a common enemy in Sin Nombre. You had your chance to inspect the crime scene. What can you tell me about it?

**POI-8877:** You know, this is not the first mass grave I have been to. All across the country, they all tell a similar story: Sin Nombre is not cut for a war of attrition, and they are already running out of manpower. So they will lure civilian *nahuales* with either lies or threats and force them to join their ranks. Those who refuse, or are not cut for it, are killed and buried. That's the usual story, but that place... Las Cruces was different. 

**Agent Oca:** I agree it didn't look like the other training camps we have raided. No shooting range, no weapon storage, and no masks...

**POI-8877:** Masks are like training wheels on a bike. Useful for beginners, but not really necessary if you are willing to take some hits. (*Keeps silence for a few seconds.*) Anyways, this was not training camp... it was something else. Our elders are suspicious; they can sense it. Before I came, they warned me that something big was going on.

**Agent Oca:** Something 'big' like what? Does it have to do with the American bodies?

**POI-8877:** And here we go. Despite your promises, this is why I can't fully trust you, *carcelero*. We could dig thousands of mass graves filled with Mexican bones, nobody would move a finger. But someone hurts a *gringo* and suddenly, you start caring.

**Agent Oca:** It's not like that. We are working hard to prevent an international incident.

**POI-8877:** I don't know anything about the dead *gringos*. Nor do I particularly care; I'm afraid what's happening goes beyond that. My grandmother's omen warned about a Black Rider, tainting and scorching everything in his path. But what truly frightened her was the scent of the ashes rising after the flames. I didn't understand it until I went to Las Cruces. You smelled it as well, didn't you? El Charro Negro.

**Agent Oca:**  I'm not sure if I'm following. We did find some effigies and an altar. Nothing out of the ordinary.

**POI-8877:** No, not the effigies. You see that place... (*Inhales. Exhales.*) the rot went beyond the mere smell of death... the whole place... stank of void.

---

**END NOTE:** Subsequent tests from SATMEX Sistema de Alerta Teológica Mexicano (Mexican Theological Alert System)  revealed unusually high Akiva energy readings inside the Las Cruces crime scene.

---

###### [END LOG]

@@ @@

### Addendum C - Excerpt from PENTAGRAM statement at GGCD Meeting

> **General Pete Wilson**: *We are talking about millions of potential SCP-8360 instances, with more and more coming illegally every day. A dormant threat that will explode if we do not act decisively. We are not talking about ordinary criminals, they are bloodthirsty beasts, barely even human anymore.*

@@ @@

### Special Containment Procedures:

Previous soft containment measures have been deemed insufficient. Following **Disposition 337** (See **Addendum E**), the Foundation will support CALMECAC's effort to expand hard containment of SCP-8360. Additionally, the Zenith Group World-spanning mega-conglomerate with headquarters in Eurtec and member of the Council of 108. Also, a major stockholder of the Valravn Corporation. and the GOC have agreed to financially support the Mexican government in the construction of 13 **Zonas de Seguridad y Bienestar** (ZSB)  Security and Wellbeing Zones across the country to accommodate the SCP-8360 population, including repatriates from the USA. The Zenith Group has also been contracted for the mass production of beryllium bronze handcuffs and other equipment pertinent to SCP-8360 containment, as well as cutting-edge genetic analysis technologies to identify latent SCP-8360 instances.

Following the recent surge of SCP-8360-related violent incidents at the U.S.-Mexico border, the situation is currently being discussed by PENTAGRAM and CALMECAC authorities. Following historical precedent, CALMECAC will pursue a renewed strategy to integrate SCP-8360 as an asset to the Mexican Armed Forces and better counteract paracriminal activity (See **Addendum D**). PENTAGRAM and other U.S. parasecurity agencies will continue to strengthen border security and deliver deported criminal SCP-8360 instances to CALMECAC authorities.

@@ @@

### Description:

(See the archived version for complementary information.)

@@ @@

### Addendum D - Summary of SCP-8360 military history:

Both Nahua codices and Spanish records confirm SCP-8360's military use by the Mexica Empire. a.k.a. Aztec Empire High-ranking positions in the *cuāuhocēlōtl* Jaguar and Eagle warriors  special forces were reserved for individuals displaying SCP-8360 capabilities. SCP-8360 instances were capable of counteracting the conquistadors' technological edge. Following the Tlaxcalan-Spanish alliance, SCP-8360 instances fought for the Spanish alongside indigenous auxiliary troops.

After the fall of the Mexica Empire, tensions grew between Spanish-aligned SCP-8360 instances and colonial ecclesiastical authorities. Although the evangelization campaigns of New Spain explicitly condemned SCP-8360 as a manifestation of pagan heresy, the pragmatic military necessity of countering SCP-8360 instances within indigenous insurgent groups led to its continued (albeit unofficial) employment by Colonial authorities. This was sometimes allowed by the exploitation of legal loopholes, while ecclesiastical decrees—particularly those issued by the Buscadores de Dios en Nueva España Seekers of God in New Spain (GoI-1025), an organisation funded by the Spanish Empire to counteract anomalies in the Spanish colonies.— prohibited all forms of *brujería*,Witchcraft. including SCP-8360; this restriction did not apply to foreign auxiliaries and mercenaries. Notably, a group referred to as La Compañía de CuervosBand of the Raven. was in charge of organizing and training loyalist SCP-8360 instances to hunt and neutralize rebel ones. La Compañía oversaw the Tlaxcalan force of *tzinan* Bat-shaped SCP-8360 instances. responsible for terminating the last remaining *cuāuhocēlōtl* SCP-8360 cells during the late 16th century.

During the late Colonial period, SCP-8360 was effectively suppressed in major population centers, but the practice survived in isolated communities. Rumors about 'secret nahual societies' conspiring against the Church and the Crown were sometimes investigated by Santo Oficio and Buscadores de Dios authorities, but remained mostly unproven. Independent Mexico saw limited SCP-8360 activity until the Revolutionary period, when the presence of SCP-8360 instances was reported among Zapatista and Villista forces.

Postrevolutionary Mexico saw further suppression against SCP-8360 both by the government and by reactionary groups such as the Cristeros. Catholic militia that fought the Mexican government during the Cristero War. During the Dirty WarConflict between the Mexican Institutional Revolutionary Party (PRI)-ruled government (backed by the US government) and left-wing student and guerrilla groups. and supported by Valravn Corporation R&D, División Zotz, the anomalous branch of the DFS,Dirección Federal de Seguridad (Federal Security Directorate). Mexican intelligence agency and secret police during the Dirty War. conducted research to adapt SCP-8360 warfare for modern urban combat against communist guerrillas, some of which also employed SCP-8360 as combatants. After the dissolution of DFS and División Zotz, many of its former SCP-8360 assets joined paracriminal organizations, mainly the Sin Nombre drug cartel. It is important to emphasize that the majority of SCP-8360 are not affiliated with organized paracrime.  

#### Commentary from CALMECAC:

> **General Montoya**: It is clear that through national military history, *nahualismo* has been a force equalizer, balancing technological and tactical disparities between conflicting factions. In recent history, both criminal organizations and insurgent movements have successfully leveraged *nahuales* against conventional forces. So far, our anomalous warfare capabilities have relied on specialized support from foreign allies and private contractors, which, while effective in the short term, will only hamper our sovereignty in the long term. Integration of *nahualismo* into our national anomalous military doctrine remains a key step to be taken, not only to combat internal threats, but to guarantee our asymmetrical defense capabilities against conventionally stronger external enemies. 

@@ @@ 

### Addendum E - Disposition 337

By CALMECAC Disposition 337, the practice of SCP-8360-related thaumaturgy has been designated as a matter of National Security, and its use is exclusive to the Mexican Armed Forces and affiliated organizations. All civilian SCP-8360 instances are required to surrender and register at CALMECAC by May 23rd, 2025. Suspected but unconfirmed instances are to be subjected to genetic testing at the discretion of CALMECAC. Those without major criminal records or affiliations with organized crime groups must volunteer to enlist in the reserve battalions of the 4th Anomalous Combat Section of the National Guard or be relocated to a designated **Zona de Seguridad y Bienestar**.

#### Commentary from CALMECAC:

> **General Montoya**: Reliably identifying SCP-8360 instances, commonly called *nahuales*, in order to quarantine them from the general population has proven challenging. This difficulty is one of the main arguments against mass hard containment of the totality of the *nahual* population. So far, in cases where hard evidence of *nahualismo* is lacking, we have relied on circumstantial indicators such as the presence of 'gang-related' tattoos, immigrant background, indigenous ancestry, the possession of unusual animal masks, suspicious religious affiliations and practices, and accusations from neighbors or otherwise respected members of the community. While controversial, we stand by these indicators as trustworthy predictors of criminal *nahualismo*. 

> 

> Thanks to the efforts of the Zenith Group, widespread genetic testing should soon be possible. Initially, we intend to employ genetic testing to confirm suspicions of criminal *nahualismo* in high-risk profiles, such as those presenting the previously mentioned indicators. As requested by PENTAGRAM, particular attention will be given to Central American migrant caravans. Eventually, mass testing should be extended to survey the general population to identify civilian and latent *nahuales*... this, of course, both for their own safety and for National Security.

@@ @@ 

### Addendum F - Excerpt from Valravn-Zotz Mission Statement

> **Norberto Goikoetxea**: Valravn's history of service to the Mexican Nation dates back a long time ago. As a transnational entity, we have always been respectful of Mexican sovereignty and understand concerns about foreign intervention. Unfortunately, this has hampered our ability to operate efficiently in the country. Until now.

> 

> We proudly announce the formalization of Valravn-Zotz as a fully 100% Mexican-owned subsidiary of Valravn International. With me serving as Chairman, we will further strengthen our collaboration with CALMECAC in matters of National Security. Valravn-Zotz will be providing state-of-the-art security and research services for the **Zonas de Seguridad y Bienestar**.  We hope that our services will facilitate the management of SCP-8360 inside ZSB and its integration into CALMECAC's forces. 

> 

> Camazotz has risen again. Together with its brother, the Valravn, the Bat will hunt the enemies of our Nation.

@@ @@

### Addendum  G - Interview with POI-8877:

##### **Audio Log: Interview with POI-8877**

---

**NOTE:** Second interview with POI-8877. 

---

###### [BEGIN LOG]

(*Agent Oca and POI-8877 sit at the interrogation table. They both show signs of tension.*)

**Agent Oca:** Uriel, I still don't understand what role El Charro Negro plays in all of this...

**POI-8877:** They call him "El Patrón Más Allá del Tiempo". The Boss Beyond Time. Which is fitting – he is the patron saint of Sin Nombre, after all. [ And unlike the Pale Lady](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-6755), who they discarded in favor of him, he never demands one have mercy. 

**Agent Oca:** We noticed the change in Sin Nombre's parareligious practices. Indeed, it coincided with an escalation in their brutality. The Pale Lady is a well documented anomaly, but this Charro Negro has eluded us... Do you believe it's real?

**POI-8877:** Picture this: you are lost in the darkness of a moonless night. The cold pierces your skin. You hear howling in the distance. You start despairing, there is no clear path home. And then, from the shadows, a mounted figure emerges. The cold is no more, and infernal heat is now burning your flesh; the red eyes of the hellhorse light with the intensity of an industrial crematorium, and its breath stinks of sulfur and... void... The rider, dressed in black and gold, displays an unnatural and twisted elegance. He opens his mouth, but no voice comes from it; instead of a sound, you hear an absence in silence: "¿*Plata o plomo*?" Silver or Lead? An expression used by cartels to signify two options: either take their bribes and become an accomplice or be killed. 

**Agent Oca:** As much as I appreciate them, we don't have time for ghost stories. What was your point?

**POI-8877:** My grandpa used to tell me these stories at the campfire. With time, I have come to understand that these legends are nothing but masks for truths.

**Agent Oca:** Truths? Like what?

**POI-8877:** Real or not, doesn't matter... el Charro Negro is nothing but a mask.

**Agent Oca:** A mask? Like a disguise? For what?

**POI-8877:** A mask is not necessarily a disguise. Sometimes, it is a conduit. 

**Agent Oca:** An energy catalyst, like the masks your people use. 

**POI-8877:** *Nahualismo* is a skill learned from the gods. *Ocēlōpilli* Jaguar Warriors. were taught to channel this power by the merciful Tezcatlipoca, who had the mighty jaguar as his nahual. Clan Bah traditions date back to Balam-Agab, one of the first men born from corn.

**Agent Oca:** Again, we don't have much time for legends or history lessons. Are you saying a god is being channeled through El Charro Negro?

**POI-8877:** *El que aúlla bajo la Luna Negra...He Who Howls Under the Black Moon.* *En la cima de este mundo, solo la Luna Negra existe*. At the top of this world, there is only the Black Moon. 

**Agent Oca:** The Black Moon. (*Slowly shakes his head.*) We have catalogued the existence of many 'divine', so to speak, entities. We have disproven so many more. The Black Moon is just a legend...

**POI-8877:** (*Sighs.*) Yes, a legend is a conduit... that is exactly my point. Let me tell you the (*Tries to raise his hands, but the handcuff restricts his movement. Still manages to make airquotes with his fingers.*) 'legend' my grandfather told me: A long time ago, there was a war in Heaven. 400 *centzonhuītznāhua*  Gods of the southern stars. joined their sister, Moon, in her crusade against the Earth. Back in those days, *nahuales* were stronger, unbound, free... some of them arose to protect Mother Earth, while many others joined Sister Moon... The point is, after the war, seals were put in place to limit their true power. But it is still there, latent, waiting...

**Agent Oca:** With all due respect, Uriel, for once, just go straight to the point. 

**POI-8877:** Oh? So you are getting impatient? My bad... (*Raising his tone.*) I have been here for two weeks and still haven't heard anything from my brother. You told us we'll walk free in a matter of days!

**Agent Oca:** I'm sorry, Uriel, the situation has changed. (*Turns his head, avoiding POI-8877's gaze.*) Everything is changing so fast, and even we don't know what is happening next. The new protocols are still being ironed out as we speak. Please understand, I'm not the one calling the shots.

**POI-8877:** What I should have understood from the beginning is that one can never trust the jailers; you only know the language of cages and violence. Mass incarceration first, ask questions later, right?

**Agent Oca:** Excuse me?

**POI-8877:** We the *chulel*Mayan word for SCP-8360 have lived free for centuries. Now you want to turn us into your slave army.

**Agent Oca:** Who is telling you this?

**POI-8877:** Am I lying?

**Agent Oca:** Conscription to CALMECAC is entirely voluntary.

**POI-8877:** The other option is internment. Guilty until proven docile... I guess El Salvador set a good example. You are also holding deportees from the States! Were they all illegal? Are they all Mexican? Are they even *nahuales*?

**Agent Oca:** This is for the security of both the general public and SCP-8360.

**POI-8877:** (*Smashes the handcuffs into the table*) Bullshit! You are kidnapping people based on racist bullshit! You have no way to know who is truly a nahual!

**Agent Oca:** Our genetic test has proven to be reliable.

**POI-8877:** Reliable *para pura mierda*!Reliable just for shit! I for one know how full of shit you are!

**Agent Oca:** Enlighten me.

**POI-8877:** [Gonzalo Guerrero](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Gonzalo_Guerrero) was one of us.

**Agent Oca:** Gonzalo Guerrero? The Spanish traitor?

**POI-8877:** He did become a *chulel*... a *nahual*. Full Spanish blood and genes, yet he learned our ways. Don't you see? Your genetic tests are worthless.

**Agent Oca:** Do you have evidence to support this claim?

**POI-8877:** Clan Bah has preserved his history for generations.

**Agent Oca:** I mean no disrespect, but your word is not enough evidence for us. 

**POI-8877:** Of course, you'd rather believe your corporate overlords.

**Agent Oca:** (*Sighs and puts hands in his head.*) We both could use a break. 

**POI-8877:** Gerardo, I want to see my brother.

**Agent Oca:** (*Stands up and walks to exit. Stops while opening the door.*) I'm going to the vending machine. Do you want something?

**POI-8877:** (*Stares expressionless at Agent Oca for about a minute.*) A Coca-cola.

**Agent Oca:** (*Walking out and closing the door*) We only have Pepsi.

---

**END NOTE:** After this interview, Agent Oca submitted a request to allow POI-8877 contact with his brother. The GGCD denied the request for the twelfth time.

---

###### [END LOG]

@@ @@

### Addendum  H -  Excerpt from Valravn Research Report

> **Researcher Ceballos:** Evolution? Adaption? No, it is an atavism,Modification of a biological structure whereby an ancestral genetic trait reappears after having been lost through evolutionary change in previous generations. a regression to a primordial state of being. The archaeology records from the [Tzompantli site](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-7279) support this interpretation, at least.

> 

> While the whole *nahual* phenomena could be considered atavistic, this takes a further step. The result is a specimen unbound by the common laws of magic. [We have seen a similar phenomenon before](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/the-men-with-no-name), but it was chemically induced. Spontaneous manifestation should not be possible... unless... it behaves like a hidden switch... encoded in the depths of genetic memory. 

> 

> Note to self: disregard that hypothesis. Reason: Unlikely. 

@@ @@

### Addendum  I  - Interview with POI-8877:

##### **Audio Log: Interview with POI-8877**

---

**NOTE:** Second interview with POI-8877. 

---

###### [BEGIN LOG]

(*POI-8877 waits at the interrogation table. Agent Oca enters, POI-8877 does not look at him.*)

**Agent Oca:** Uriel, there is something urgent we need to discuss.

**POI-8877:** Where is my brother?

**Agent Oca:** Look, I... they won't allow me to let you two talk directly. But I have this.

(*Agent Oca retrieves a picture and a recorder from his suitcase. He hands the picture to POI-8877. There is a tall and slim man in a containment cell, smiling and waving at the camera.*) 

**Agent Oca:** It is from yesterday. Look at the back. You'll find the date and his signature. Also... 

(*Agent Oca clicks the play button in the recorder.*) 

**Voice from the recording:** Uriel? It's me, Abdiel. (*The voice breaks.* ) They won't let me say much, but I'm sorry for everything, for leaving and worrying the family, for what I said to *taata* Father. last time. (*Sobbing for around a minute.* ) You are trapped because of me, and I'm sorry. I love you all so much, and I miss you. I'm sorry."

**POI-8877:** (*Tears rolling from his eyes.*)  Abdiel... I miss you too, *pendejo*.

**Agent Oca:** I'm sorry I can't do more. 

**POI-8877:** I understand. I know you are not the boss here, Oca. I've been harsh with you, but thanks for letting me hear him. Can I reply to him?

**Agent Oca:** Of course. But there is something I need to discuss with you first.

**POI-8877:** I'm listening.

**Agent Oca:** I must warn you before, you aren't going to like this.

**POI-8877:** Just shot it.

**Agent Oca:** I need your help to set up a meeting between Clan Bah and the Foundation.

**POI-8877:** What? (*Raising his tone.*) Leave them out of this!

**Agent Oca:** We have been trying to convince them to peacefully move to a ZBS. They have so far been uncooperative. 

**POI-8877:** (*Yells and smashes the handcuffs in the table.*) Of course they are! Why should they walk willingly into your cage?

**Agent Oca:** Because if they don't, Sin Nombre will get them. The Cartel is desperate to get new muscle. You know the deal: *plata o plomo*. I doubt they'll accept the money, but then they'll get the lead.

**POI-8877:** We have never been afraid of *narcos*.

**Agent Oca:** I didn't want to show you this now. Please, I need you to try your best to remain calm.

(*Agent Oca retrieves another picture from the suitcase and hands it to POI-8877. It shows a corpse tied to a chair showing signs of torture. There is a Saint Benedict medal hanging from his neck, his wrists are handcuffed, and his hands are missing all their fingers – several of them have been stuffed in his throat. At his feet, there is a sign reading "Para que aprendan a respetar, pinche indios culeros gatos de mierda."*So you learn to respect, fucking asshole indians shit cats [sic]. ) 

**POI-8877:** That is... It can't be...

**Agent Oca:** We have confirmed the identity of the victim. Rafael Bah Pech... your cousin.

**POI-8877:** Fuck no! (*Smash the table.*) Fucking *narco* scum! (*Keeps violently smashing until he dents the table. Blood is dripping from the handcuffs.*) *Hijos de la chingada!* We are taking revenge! We are killing them all!

**Agent Oca:** Do you think you can take on Sin Nombre on your own?

**POI-8877:** *¡Esos hijos de la chingada ya están más que muertos!* Those sons of the bitch are already more than dead! 

**Agent Oca:** If you go to war with the Cartel, you'll still be in defiance of **Disposition 337**. CALMECAC will eventually get involved. And with them, the Ravens. You'll be fighting a war on two fronts. Do you really think you can survive in the long run?

**POI-8877:** There are things more important than just surviving, Gerardo.

**Agent Oca:** (*Smash the table.*) Bullshit! Not everyone in your family is a warrior willing to die in a blaze of vengeance! What about the children? The elderly? Do they matter to you?! Are their lives less important than your rage and your pride?

**POI-8877:** ...

**Agent Oca:** Uriel, I know it's hard, but I want to help you and your family.

---

**END NOTE:** POI-8877 agreed to mediate negotiations between Clan Bah and the Foundation.

---

###### [END LOG]

@@ @@

### Addendum  J  - Excerpt from PENTAGRAM statement at GGCD Meeting

> **General Pete Wilson**: *Animals. I call them* animals *because that's what they are... Only a truly perverted race could have brought this abomination upon themselves. And now they are carrying this disease across the border. Unlike them, this Nation was founded upon the ideals of Strength, God, and Freedom. Are we just supposed to sit and watch our future be stolen?*

@@ @@

### Special Containment Procedures:

Following **Executive Order 14157**, PENTAGRAM has designated all paracriminal drug syndicates operating in México Including but not limited to Sin Nombre, Cartel de Puebla, Los Ocultos, and the left-wing extremist group Las Víboras. as Abnormal Foreign Terrorist Organizations, making them potential targets of direct military action. Due to the prevalence of SCP-8360 instances employed by anomalous cartels, the containment or neutralization of this anomaly has been deemed a top priority. 

#### Commentary from PENTAGRAM:

> **General Pete Wilson:** *We do not negotiate with terrorists.*

**Update**: Reports of hard containment resources (such as beryllium bronze) losing effectiveness are currently under revision but remain unconfirmed. Previous protocols should be followed until new guidelines are released.

@@ @@

### Description

(See archived versions for complementary information.)

@@ @@

### Addendum  K - Excerpt from Valravn Research Report

> **Researcher Ceballos:** Let the High Table know that current disturbances, while unfortunate, won't delay our weaponization efforts. The ZBS has already provided enough data points for us to safely extrapolate. In fact, we could say this spontaneous atavistic manifestation sped up our data gathering—talk about divine providence. Anyway, do tell the investor and CALMECAC that Zotz will deliver, and the bats shall hunt the night again.

@@ @@

### Addendum L - Incident L2424:

On November 8th, 2025, ZBS-12, located near the U.S.-Mexico border, suffered a containment breach. Security protocols were being followed closely; the exact causes of the breach remain unclear. The rioting SCP-8360 instances quickly overpowered the CALMECAC and Valravn security detachments, forcing them to retreat. Despite overtaking the ZBS facility, SCP-8360 instances could not fully breach containment and remained encircled by the regrouped security forces, which were joined by Foundation MTF reinforcements. The ZBS-12 siege lasted 13 days until PENTAGRAM, following the prerogatives of Executive Order 14157, took unilateral action and drone-striked ZBS-12. No SCP-8360 instances are known to have survived.

#### Commentary from PENTAGRAM:

> **General Pete Wilson:** *Man was created in God's image, and no blasphemy that corrupts and deforms this sacred form shall be allowed to walk the Earth. Just as the Lord rained down burning sulfur on Sodom and Gomorrah, we shall bring our divine punishment upon the terroristic ambitions of those who are enemies of the United States of America.* 

@@ @@

### Addendum M - Interview with POI-8877:

##### **Audio Log: Interview with POI-8877**

---

**NOTE:** Second interview with POI-8877. 

---

###### [BEGIN LOG]

(*Uriel is waiting at the table. Agent Oca enters the room. He does not take a seat.*) 

**Agent Oca:** Uriel. We have urgent matters to discuss.

**POI-8877:** Yes, we do. My family. Are they safe?

**Agent Oca:** Yes, I can assure you they are.

**POI-8877:** "I mean no disrespect, but your word is not enough evidence for..." *me*. 

**Agent Oca:** Uriel, let's do this. We record a message and I'll bring you their answer *asap*.

**POI-8877:** No Gerardo, no more recordings. I want to see my family. I want to see my brother, now.

(*Walks in circles around the table.*) 

**Agent Oca:** Uriel... listen to me... you don't seem to understand the gravity of the situation. You, me, and your whole family... we all are in real danger unless we figure something out soon. Please, I need your cooperation.

**POI-8877:** Is that so? Enlighten me, Agent Oca. I'll be so glad to help.

**Agent Oca:** I'll go straight to the point. Beryllium bronze, magic charms, even fucking San Benito. Our thaumaturgical measures are suddenly losing effectiveness. You mentioned something about seals... Is that what you were talking about?

**POI-8877:** I tried to warn you, Gerardo. You didn't listen. (*Inhales. Exhales.*) The stench of that void. You can't sense it, can you?

**Agent Oca:** I'm not following.

**POI-8877:** Do you need me to tell you the 'legend' again? A long time ago, there was a war in Heaven. Some of our ancestors followed the Moon, others sided with the Sun. It didn't matter which side we took, for our rage and carnage were so wild that even the gods started fearing the Beast in Men.

**Agent Oca:** ...

**POI-8877:** This brings me such good memories, you know? Me, Abdiel, and my grandpa around the bonfire. He did not just tell us the stories – he brought them to life. He was a master of hand shadow puppetry. It was fascinating; I'd show you but... you know... (*Shakes the handcuffs.*)

**Agent Oca:** Uriel, this is serious...

**POI-8877:** The next part always gave me nightmares: the Sun dismembered the Moon, and with the dripping blood of her open veins... he wrote names for us. Names so we never forget our humanity. With those names, we were bound to rules and laws. The Laws of gods, the Rules of men. All of this in the hope that a war like that could never occur again. I used to think it was some sort of metaphor, a twisted Aesop about human nature... but I was wrong.

**Agent Oca:** What are you talking about?

**POI-8877:** You'll see soon (*Laughs quietly*). Even though most of the Moon eventually made peace with her sacrifice, there was a small piece of her that still held all the hate... all the hunger for blood and vengeance. It grew slowly for eons. And its hunger grew too. Its hunger is a void, and the void hungers for our names... for our names are its blood. In return, it promises *unbound* freedom. To act as we please, to take as we want. The price is humanity. A price too high, or so I thought. *Liar*.

**Agent Oca:** What?

**POI-8877:** I can hear her voice. Like a knife carving words and pictures in the very flesh of silence. She showed me the pain of my family burning and melting alive. I felt it and knew it to be the truth. Clan Bah is no more.

**Agent Oca:** That... that can't be true. (*Pulls out his phone.*) Let me make some calls, I'll get them to you.

**Agent Oca:** Was Abdiel ever alive? Did you dig him from the mass grave, or did the Ravens kill him at the arrest?

**Agent Oca:** I don't know what is happening, the signal is lost... Look I saw Abdiel with my own eyes... he was ali...

**POI-8877:** (*POI-8877 lowers his head, hiding his face from the camera's view.*) Just as she could never forgive the Earth, her Mother with the Serpent Skirt, and his brother Hummingbird, the Sun, I'll never forgive any of you. We just wanted to be alone. But you could only see us as a weapon... (*POI-8877 raises his head. His eyes have turned black.*) Well, if that's what you expect from us...THEN THAT'S WHAT YOU SHALL GET FROM US!

(*POI-8877 stands up, slowly growing in size, black fur sprouting from his skin. The camera begins to glitch.*)

**Agent Oca:** (*Drops the phone.*)  Uriel! Stop! (*Pushes a button below the table, activating the shock collar. It shows no effect.*)

**POI-8877:**  That name is no longer mine! I have traded it for broken chains! Now I call upon the Moon's true name!

(*POI-8877 continues to transform into a nahual form. Glitches keep happening, some of them resembling ancient glyphs. The handcuffs start to break.*)

**Agent Oca:** (*Draws his handgun and shoots POI-8877. There is no effect.*)

**POI-8877:** Luna Negra! Charro Negro! Black Moon! Those are nothing but masks!

(*The transformation is now complete. The handcuffs fall to the ground. Uriel grabs Agent Oca and raises him with a single hand.*)

**POI-8877:** (*Inhales. Exhales.*) Finally, can you smell it? The stench of the void is no more... At the top of this world, there is only Coyolxauhqui.

(*The black jaguar bites Agent Oca's head, crushing it between its jaws. Blood drips from the beast's maw. The camera glitches one more time, and the jaguar is gone.*)

---

**END NOTE:** The exact methods for POI-8877's confinement breach are still unclear. Searching for POI-8877 is now deemed a top priority. Security at the remaining ZBS has been reinforced, but the threat of further mutinies and breaches is still latent.

---

###### [END LOG]

@@ @@

@@ @@

### Addendum N - Message from PENTAGRAM to CALMECAC

> **General Pete Wilson**: *Control your beasts or face hellfire. Your choice.*

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8359](SCP-8359) | SCP-8360 | [SCP-8361](SCP-8361) >>

> **Filename:** zotz

> **Name:** File:4_zotz.png

> **Author:** Sylvanus Griswold Morley

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:4_zotz.png

> **Filename:** luna

> **Name:** File:luna.gif 

> **Author:**   Kilerpoyo

> **License:**  Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8360/luna

> **Filename:** Coyolxauhqui Stone 

> **Name:** File:Coyolxauhqui Stone (2508259597).jpg

> **Author:**   Jarvis, Dennis G.

> **License:**  CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Coyolxāuhqui#/media/File:Mexico-3980_-_Coyolxauhqui_Stone_(2508259597).jpg

> **Filename:** mask

> **Name:** File:nahual-mask

> **Author:** Kilerpoyo

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0 International

> **Source Link:** http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8360/mask
