:root {

    --header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

    --header-subtitle: "DEPARTMENT OF TACTICAL THEOLOGY";

    ~~lgurl: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/theme%3Aad-abyssum/Department%20of%20Tactical%20Theology%20Inverted%20Transparent.png);

}

### * INTERNAL FOUNDATION REPORT

= **Document ID:** TACT-THEO/2025-03-24/001

= **Clearance Level:** 4

= **CONFIDENTIAL**

---

**Priority Level:**  AMIDA 

**Abstract:** Recent research from the Department of Tactical Theology around afterlives has uncovered a few discrepancies in global demographics. Despite the number of human hosts growing exponentially since ~33 AD (Following event C†) the number of human souls has remained roughly around 800 million.

This suggests that while true human consciousness is bound to a finite number of reincarnating souls, a considerable and growing amount of the population is being animated by an unknown force and/or deific entity. Furthermore, long-term post-mortem studies indicate that several thousand of the original souls have failed to reincarnate, instead remaining as posthumous anomalies or perishing due to exorcisms. (roughly 0.00015% of souls a year.)

**Notable Findings:**

* Cognitive and theological profiling of a global sample (N=100,000) suggests that a statistically significant percentage of individuals lack the expected hallmarks of sapient self-awareness. (This includes roughly 63% of SCP Foundation personnel.) While they appear normal, they show clear differences in deep-memory retention.

* At current birth rates, Foundation projections estimate that by 2150, the number of humans piloted by souls will be outnumbered 5:1.

**Recommended Actions:**

* Immediate classification of this phenomenon as SCP-8221 (Object Class: Keter) for continued research and monitoring.

* Expanded cognitive testing across Foundation personnel to assess operational risks.

* Research into the creation or revival of human souls.

* Attempt deicide should the number of sapient individuals reach 0.01% of the human population.

* Establish changes to normalcy in the event that the human species is no longer the primary intelligence inhabiting its own civilization.

- Tiana Mark Roseanne, Tact. Theo.

<< [SCP-8220](SCP-8220) | SCP-8221 | [SCP-8222](SCP-8222) >>

> **Filename:** hisimage.jpg

> **Name:** God the Father MET EP1444

> **Author:** Giovanni Ambrogio Bevilacqua

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:God_the_Father_MET_EP1444.jpg)
