**Item #**: SCP-8629

**Object Class**: ~~Euclid~~ ~~Safe~~ Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures**: SCP-8629 currently resides in, what it thinks is, a standard personnel bedroom in the personnel wing of site-19. In reality, while still being contained at site 19, SCP-8629 resides in a minimally fortified containment cell in the research wing. The walls of SCP-8629's cell are made of 1 foot thick concrete. No other methods of containment are necessary.

The room contains a single bed, a desk, a chest of drawers, a wardrobe, a waste bin and a sink. The standard toilet was removed as per SCP-8629’s request as it does not have a defecation system and was “a waste of precious, precious living space”. The room has developed an ambient bleach-like odour that is the result of SCP-8629’s respiratory cycle, and attempting to mask the odour is pointless. 

The room matches standard living quarters for all personnel of SCP-8629’s supposed security level (Level 2), and 4 security cameras (2 outside, 2 inside) are active in the area at all times, along with the 2 guards permanently stationed alongside the SCP. Despite a near constant vocalisation of its disdain for these arguably relaxed security measures, SCP-8629 has never actively attempted to attack its guards, nor has it ever made any attempts to disrupt or interfere with the cameras.

**Description**: SCP-8629, known personally as Dr. Mila Tears (mee-lah teers), is a humanoid entity ~~of unspecified origin~~ [SEE ADDENDUM 8629-5]. It employs a colourless, slender frame and most often stands at 2.2 meters/7.21 feet tall, although this statistic varies depending on the specifics of whichever task it is given. ~~Its age is unspecified.~~ It is approximately 100 years old, although it has the facial appearance of a female in her mid 60s. It has dark shoulder length hair which is in a constant state of beginning to turn grey, and has the facial features of a humanoid with a resemblance to a slavic/asian mixture of ethnicity. Its bodily skin is slack and loose, as though in excess, with the average length of the hanging skin being 21.3 centimetres. The skin on its head, hands and feet is hard, tight and a slightly discoloured yellow. 

*Note: When at work, SCP-8629 pulls the excess skin around its neck over its mouth and nose, acting as a makeshift face-mask, as well as pulling the skin on its body onto its back to keep it out of the way. Once in place, both instances of skin are held in place with several ~~rubber bands~~* [SEE ADDENDUM 8629-4].

It's body is far less resilient than a human's in terms of direct physical trauma (bladed penetration, blunt force trauma), making it very physically fragile. It's skin does, however, seem to be protected against most harmful natural and unnatural gases, liquids, chemicals, plasmas, energies, extreme temperatures, radiation and all tested SCP’s that exhibit, embody or create any of the above qualities. The skin, despite being vulnerable to physical attack, is oddly resilient to stretching and torsion, with the maximum length recorded before snapping being ~~0.988~~ ~~0.992~~ ~~0.996~~ 1.003 metres. Upon breakage, SCP-8629 experiences what it claims is “negligible pain”, although its facial expressions mimic a level of pain that is undoubtedly less than should be expected from such an injury, but pain nonetheless. The skin will typically close back up on its own within 4-6 days, leaving a scar that will remain visible for 2-8 weeks, depending on the size of the initial tear.

The internal system of SCP-8629 is largely empty; missing the organs required for digestion, filtration, excretion and reproduction. Its respiratory system remains; inhaling oxygen to breathe and exhaling carbon dioxide, similarly to a human, but with an additional 2655ppm of Chlorine (on average) being released in the exhalation, giving its room its underlying bleach-like smell. The lungs are also heavily protected, being resilient enough for physical probing to be impossible, as well as being able to maintain their structure in the event of sudden drops in oxygen levels and changes in air pressure, although both examples can only be taken so far before SCP-8629 must resort to using the relevant PPE to survive. 

An organ unique to SCP-8629, which it calls the 'almithus', sits close to where the human heart would be. It completely manages the production of what it calls "Hypaconsilulin" (labelled SCP-8629-1), which it secretes through a syringe-like adaptation of its fingers. The drug completely paralyzes every muscle and nerve ending of those that are injected, for varying lengths of time, although SCP-8629 claims that it controls the duration of paralysis by altering the potency before excretion. Instances of SCP-8629-1 can be stored and used for up to 6 weeks before they lose their anomalous abilities and revert into a mix of water and chlorine. The almithus organ does not seem to have any other function than producing SCP-8629-1.

*Note: SCP-8629 may agree to testing upon its body, but it will almost always do so reluctantly and will likely protest and complain in excess throughout the procedures, often offering to take over and perform the test on itself if the process takes over 45 minutes. If SCP-8629 simply refuses to partake in a test and does not drag the refusal out, it is likely impossible to convince it. It will almost always agree to partake in psychological tests specifically with Dr. Flowers, claiming that it provides “a great amount of intellectual stimulation for both parties”.*

SCP-8629’s skeletal structure is just as malleable as the skin, with the SCP being able to alter all aspects of length across its body, although the further it stretches the weaker and more susceptible to breakage it becomes. The 2 aspects that it most frequently alters are its legs and fingers. When performing surgery, SCP-8629 will either shorten or lengthen the bones in its legs to provide it with better angles and access to the subject of surgery without moving its feet. It can change the length of its legs up to 146 times during a single procedure, with the longest recorded length being 3.3 metres when operating on an instance of SCP-3199, and the shortest recorded length being 0.5 metres when operating on an instance of SCP-████. Its legs may also extend when walking in order to reach its destination quicker, although it has been discouraged from doing this for the sake of its permanent security guards, who do not have such an ability. 

Its fingers will also extend and retract, although this ability has been observed to be used for surgical use only. Instead of using a typical scalpel, SCP-8629 will extend its fingers into blade-like talons of varying shapes, sharpness and serration in order to perform specific aspects of surgery. It can also maneuver them into syringe-like needles and sometimes split a single finger in two to act as scissors. It can alter its fingers up to an average of 2,308 times during a single surgery. The talons have proven to be naturally sterile, and even negate the effects of dirty or unhygienic substances that may be present on them. Early tests on various D-Class personnel entailed SCP-8629’s fingers being coated in various unhygienic substances (raw sewage, diesel, urine, ███████, etc) before performing a standard kidney transplant on each of the aforementioned D-Class personnel. In each instance, the D-Class personnel survived the procedure and went on to be make full recoveries and be used in experiments on other SCP’s without interference or complication stemming from the transplant.

The personality of SCP-8629 has been described as "overly demanding and pushy, with near constant attempts to incite argument or debate, regardless of whom it is speaking with". When performing surgery however, SCP-8629 will remain silent and "void of personality or interest in anything other than its subject". No tangible consequences, aside from its refusal to converse, will ever come from antagonising SCP-8629. This opinion is not shared by Dr. Flowers, who describes SCP-8629 as a "wonder to observe and a fantastic opponent for debate".

**History**: SCP-8629 was discovered by MTF Unit Delta-14 on ██/██/1987, ███ miles North of ████████████████, Greenland. The MTF unit was in the midst of being deployed to the site of SCP-████, when a nearby foundation helicopter sighted SCP-8629, ██ miles from the unit's location at the time. 

SCP-8629 was sitting cross-legged on a small rock without displaying, despite being completely nude, a single reaction, neither physical or emotional, to the harsh environment of the arctic tundra in which it was sat. It was heard singing ‘Мишка Косолапый’; a Russian nursery rhyme that tells the short story of a clumsy bear walking in the forest. Aptly, it was performing a complex operation on the respiratory system of a conscious, but dormant polar bear, although the exact kind of surgery it was performing could not be identified as upon noticing the approaching foundation personnel, the bear, whose chest had yet to be sewn closed, rolled onto its feet and departed the area. SCP-8629 would not, and has yet to, confirm exactly what it was doing to the animal. It has since displayed a great deal of contempt to the individual personnel that “most unprofessionally intruded upon its work” and refuses to interact with said personnel, or work when said personnel are in its direct line of vision or in close proximity. It has also refused to share the nature of the so-called “work” that led it to operating on the bear.

//Note: The search for the polar bear in question was abandoned in 1993, 2 years and 8 months after SCP-8629 claimed it had “found peace”.

Upon being moved to site ██, Site Co Director at the time, Dr. Adrian Flowers, despite strong disagreement from his peers, believed that SCP-8629 could be of enormous import to site ██ and the foundation as a whole, and has since made protection of SCP-8629 one of his highest priorities.

*Note: After receiving several warning and sanctions for neglecting his other duties, Dr. Flowers has been demoted and transferred to site 19 along with SCP-8629, where he works closely with it and acts as the overseer for all of its surgeries, seemingly happier than he was in his previous position.*

SCP-8629’s existence before being discovered on ██/██/1987, is largely unknown as it ignores or refuses to answer most inquiries into its past. Occasionally however, it may accidentally reveal information during casual conversation, not realising what it has said until after the fact, often cursing in annoyance at itself and refusing to speak further when done so. So far, two events have been identified as particularly noteworthy.

1 - In 1924, SCP-8629 allegedly attended the funeral of 1st Chairman of the Soviet Union; Vladimir Lenin. It claims to have walked just behind the coffin as it was carried to its final resting place at the Red Square in Moscow. Photographs of the funeral show no one matching 8629’s physique or height present, yet the SCP insists that it was there and that the “catalyst of the migration” began at that funeral. [SEE ADDENDUM 8629-5]

2 - In 1924, SCP-8629 claims to have been shot during an event it calls the “Conscious Migration”. The shoulder where the bullet supposedly entered is clean and shows no signs of penetration or disruption. ~~The event described has been investigated but has yielded no conclusions as to which real world event it refers to.~~ [SEE ADDENDUM 8629-5]

**Addendum 8629-1**: SCP-8629’s title of ‘Doctor’ is unofficial and entirely self-endowed, with no credible medical documents or references found in any databases around the world. Foundation staff have consistently, much to its dismay, refused SCP-8629 the honour of the official title.

**Addendum 8629-2**: SCP-8629’s object class upon discovery was Euclid, although once research into it concluded, it was updated to Safe, and then to Thaumial after the conclusion of its first successful neutralisation of another SCP, specifically SCP-████-D.

This procedure began with SCP-8629 entering the cell via the main door, surviving the initial [DATA EXPUNGED] that SCP-████-D projected. It successfully restrained the subject on the fold-out operating table it had carried in with it before proceeding with the surgery. It started by injected the  subject with 2 separate injections of 400cc’s of SCP-8629-1 before, using its talons, extracting the subject's upper throat and spinal cord, along with its limbs and lower torso (in that order). This rendered the subjects anomalous properties defunct as the ████████████████████████ required for it to [DATA EXPUNGED] had been permanently shut down. Throughout the procedure, which lasted 41 minutes and 4 seconds, SCP-8629 survived 12 more [DATA EXPUNGED] without injury.

SCP-8629 later requested to oversee the burying of SCP-████-D’s remaining form at the base of Mount █████████████ (AKA: ██), but was instead only given permission to observe via the live camera feed of the burial.

*Note: SCP-8629 demands to be financially compensated for its work in the form of 1920s Soviet Rubles, despite the currency being obsolete and useless to SCP-8629 as it is not allowed to leave site 19 to spend it. The notes given to it are forgeries, although SCP-8629 cannot seem to tell the difference. It stores the notes in stacks of 100 beneath its bed, tied together with ~~rubber bands~~, [SEE ADDENDUM 8629-4] which it does not interact with once in place. It can become irritable and will sometimes refuse to work if not "paid" on the 1st of each month, or if the money is in any form other than the 1920 Soviet Ruble.*

**Addendum 8629-3**: SCP-8629 will only refer to itself in the third person, negating personal pronouns and instead utilising the singular, object pronoun of “it” when referencing itself. In the event of being referred to, by another being, as anything other than ‘it’, SCP-8629 will ignore the statement or question that included the pronoun, and will base its reply on aspects of the sentence or question that did not include the pronoun. If such an aspect does not exist, SCP-8629 will begin a new line of conversation, which will often be based in profound, theoretical medical procedures. Female, male and non-binary pronouns will all result in the same ignorance.

When asked about its preference to not self-identify during its preliminary interview in 1987, SCP-8629 ignored the question entirely and began to speak about “███████████████████”, a topic that it had apparently developed a great interest for when it was in ██████ during the ██████████████. When pressed further on the original subject, SCP-8629 grew increasingly agitated and demanded that the question was not to be brought up again. The conversation was then shifted onto the subject of the ██████████████████████████(as per SCP-8629’s request) and it returned to a calm and agreeable state. This instance is, to date, the only time SCP-8629 has directly acknowledged its lack of self-identification. This seems to prove that it is a conscious choice by the SCP rather than a speaking pattern that it is unaware of.

The same cannot be said with SCP-8629’s title and chosen name; Dr. Mila Tears, and all variations thereof. The name can be used by an individual to gain the attention of SCP-8629, and it will respond without question or complaint when done so. 

**Addendum 8629-4**: The rubber bands that appear seemingly wherever SCP-8629 goes, such as the bands holding its paychecks together and the bands holding its skin back when performing surgery, have now been discovered to be slips of SCP-8629’s skin, taken from its wrists and lower forearm where the skin can be removed in an unbroken circle.

**Addendum 8629-5**: A retrieved report from branch reality Omicron-BlueStar (O-BS) (An alternate reality where the Soviet Union collapsed shortly after the death of Vladimir Lenin) describes an event called the Conscious Migration, where tens of thousands of █████████ natives to Omicron-BlueStar were hunted down and executed by the newly formed police state of the USC (United Slavic Constabulary). The solution for an approximate 150 of the █████████'s was to transfer their consciousnesses into their counterparts in Prime Reality (PR) in order to escape persecution. The retrieved description named one Mila Tears (O-BS) as one of the 150 refugees, as well as being a nurse in ███████████████████████████.

Mila Tears (PR), had been deceased for several months upon Mila’s (O-BS) arrival. Her transformation from human to SCP status is assumed to be a result of her counterpart being dead in Prime Reality, although how Mila (O-BS) has survived inside the dead body of Mila (PR), as well as the exact science behind the transformation, is a question that remains unanswered. SCP-8629 does not know the answer either.

//Note: Mila Tears (PR) lived in Blagoveshchensk, Russia, and studied at the Blagoveshchensk State Pedagogical University until she unexpectedly died in a car collision in 1924 at the age of 24.

Note: The majority of the approximate 150 other refugees of Omicron BlueStar have yet to be found as their names were not included in the document. Only 5 others (Designated ‘O-BS Refugee 1 - 5’, with SCP-8629 being designated ‘O-BS Refugee 0’ when in reference to the others) have been discovered, none of which display any anomalous abilities or traits. Each of the 5 have been interviewed, debriefed and 3 of them have been amnesticized and released back into the general populous, with the other 2 remaining in foundation custody at an undisclosed site. SCP-8629 is not yet aware that the foundation has found these 5.//

<< [SCP-8628](SCP-8628) | SCP-8629 | [SCP-8630](SCP-8630) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
