=====

=====

---

.contain-class .class-text::before {

    color: rgb(228 228 228) !important;

}

.anom-bar-container.esoteric .text-part > .main-class > .second-class > .class-text::before {

    color: #e4e4e4!important;

}

.popup {

    border: 5px solid black;

    padding: 10px;

    position: fixed;

    left: 15%;

   bottom: 50%;

background-color:white;

    visibility: hidden;

    pointer-events: auto;

}

 .popup::before {

    content: "Translation";

    font-weight: bold;

    font-size: 135%;

    display: block;

    text-align: center;

    margin-bottom: 5px;

}

:is(.popup-link):is(:hover) + .popup, .popup:is(:hover) {

    visibility: visible;

}

**Special Containment Procedures:**

According to the United States-Mexican Archaeological Heritage Agreement, SCP-8361 is to be housed in a museum within the United States until the improvement of the geopolitical situation in Mexico, at which point it will be returned to Mexico under the supervision of the Mexican Branch of the Foundation.

While in this museum, SCP-8361 is to be kept behind a standard glass exhibit in the Mesoamerican section. Standard security protocols for museums are to be maintained.

Upon discretion, the Foundation may access the item for research purposes.

 

**Description:**

SCP-8361 is the designation for a stone idol of Aztec Goddess MictēcacihuātlA death deity and consort of Mictlāntēcutli, God of the dead in Aztec mythology and ruler of Mictlān, the lowest level of the underworld. The idol is 2 metres in height, 1 metre in width at its base, and weighs 192 kg. It depicts a skeletal female figure with an agape jaw.

When in the vicinity of SCP-8361, estimated to be within a 20 metre radius minimum, specific individuals become impervious to harm. (See Discovery for more details.)

**Cultural significance of the Lady of the Dead:**

During the reign of the Aztec Empire, it was believed Mictēcacihuātl presided over the festivals of the dead. Despite the evolution of such traditions under Spanish influence, such as the modern-day Day of the Dead festival, it is believed that the Goddess still continues her duty.

Therefore, it is believed Mictēcacihuātl has morphed into its current form as the new religious movement deity, Santa Muerte. A personification of death itself, worship of the Goddess is said to bestow healing, protection from harm, and safe passage to the afterlife.

Despite condemnation by mainstream religious groups, both mundane and anomalous, the worship of the deity has grown exponentially in the 21st century, especially amidst the ongoing violence in LATAM Latin America .

**Discovery:**

SCP-8361 was discovered on 29th September 2012, in Tenayuca    

A pre-Columbian Mesoamerican Archaeological site in Tlalnepantla de Baz., Mexico, by a US-Mexican team of archaeologists in an unexplored part of the old temple complex. During this expedition, a magnitude 6.5 earthquake occurred in the area. Several deaths and injuries were recorded; however, there were multiple cases of individuals being found completely unharmed amidst rubble despite the odds.

This phenomenon was particularly noted in the case of the expedition team. Despite having the temple ruins cave in directly above them, everyone in the chamber survived completely unharmed. It was also noted that one of the archaeologists, Dr. Emmanuel Sainz, had his cancer go into remission within the day of his rescue.

News of the incident, along with statements from the archaeology team that Mictēcacihuātl had saved them, spread rapidly across Mexico until the Foundation was alerted.

Due to the significance of the find, the Mexican government was insistent on keeping the object in the nation as a national treasure and within their control. However, with the ongoing drug war and insurgencies, the potential that hostile non-state actors would attempt to steal SCP-8361 was too high. Therefore, the US archaeologists suggested keeping the item across the border in a US museum for safekeeping until the situation improves. After deliberation, and with support from the US government, this was agreed upon, and a plan was made to transfer the object. To facilitate this transfer, the Foundation would transport and protect the item on its journey across the border.

However, it was ordered that preliminary testing is to be carried out within Mexico to assess the item's safety. After negotiations with both CALMECAC The anomalous branch of the Mexican Department of Defence.  and PENTAGRAM The anomalous division of the US Department of Defense , it was decided that an MTF unit supported by a CPIA Central Paranormal Intelligence Agency- the anomalous division of the CIA liaison would join the archeology team and run tests on the object.

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** 3/10/2012

**Subject:** SCP-8361

**Team Members:**

SCPF: MTF Agent Alex Costa, Researcher Thomas Ike

CPIA: Agent Fredrick "Freddie" Leeds

SCPF Mexican Branch: Researcher Manuela Espina, Containment Specialist Daniel Moya

CALMECAC: Lt. Emilio Águila,  Sgt. Aarón Obregón

[BEGIN LOG]

*(Footage shows the team arriving at the temple ruins where an archaeology site has been set up. Workers and Foundation personnel are seen performing various tasks.)*

**Lt. Águila:** Right, everyone. The idol's in the biggest tent over there. We've got around 8 hours before it'll be transported.

**Espina:** Sure thing.

**Ike:** You guys' got anything to drink? I'm sweating bullets.

**Lt. Águila:** Welcome to México, amigo! Get used to it.

*(Emilio passes him a mineral water bottle.)*

**Ike:** *Gracias.*Thanks.

**Agent Leeds:** One for me too, please.

**Lt. Águila:** Dude, this is your second bottle. I thought you'd be used to the weather with how many times you've been here.

**Agent Leeds:** Well, I'm more of the desk jockey kind of agent, you know?

**Sgt. Obregón** We can tell. No worries.

 

*(Taps Aarón on the shoulder.)*

**Agent Leeds:** Fuck you, man!

**Agent Costa:** Alright, guys. Let's make a move on.

**Agent Leeds:** Sorry, bossman.

*(The team exit the van and begin walking through the site.)*

**Agent Costa:** They've built a whole damn city around this place.

**Lt. Águila:** Yeah. The earthquake messed this place up. We're still doing rescues and clean-ups.

**Agent Costa:** What about security here?

**Lt. Águila:** Well, on the bright side of this, we've evacuated a good number of the civilians. The only other people around now, other than us, are the rescue teams and security company guys doing patrols.

**Agent Costa:** And it's fine for them to be around?

**Lt. Águila:** They have no idea about the veil, but don't worry, brass has got that covered. The site is restricted to our guys. Besides, you guys are going to use your memory-wipe sprays on most of these people anyway.

**Agent Costa:** We're more of the "prevention is better than cure" mindset.

**Espina:** Hay tanta historia aquí que aún tenemos que excavar.So much history here we’ve yet to dig through.  

**Moya:** ¿No sería mejor no hacerlo? Quién sabe qué más se esconde aquí abajo. Maybe best we don’t? Who knows what else is hidden down here.  

**Ike:** Ooh, another shrine!

*(Ike points to a shrine at the corner seen from within on of the small tents. Several workers are seen inside praying.)*

**Espina:** They have it here as well?

**Lt. Águila:** Yeah, the workers set it up, and the team decided to keep it. You'll see more of these wherever you go here.

**Espina:** Do Foundation personnel pray there?

**Lt. Águila:** Not a lot. But they all show their respects. Would you like to see it?

**Moya:** No, thank you.

*(He shows a necklace with a crucifix.)*

**Moya:** I'm good.

*(They walk past and approach the larger tent.)*

**Lt. Águila:** You guys do your thing. We'll be outside.

*(The rest of the team enters the tent. Inside are several tables and in the middle is SCP-8361.)*

**Espina:** Dios mío… es hermosa. Dear God… she’s beautiful.

**Unknown voice:** Lo es, ¿no? She is, isn’t she?  

*(They turn to see a greying man in a hat entering the tent.)*

Mis disculpas… My apologies…  I’m Dr. Emmanuel Sainz. I'm leading this expedition. You all must be the ones joining our project?

**Agent Costa:** Yes. That would be us.

*(They all exchange greetings.)*

**Espina:** You survived the cave-in, yes?

**Dr. Sainz:** Indeed. By grace of Her *(Pointing towards SCP-8361.)*, it was only possible. We even have some of the rocks that fell over there. *(Pointing to a large stone on the table.)* That landed right in front of me.

**Moya:** Jesus…

*(Agent Costa starts to lead Dr. Sainz outside as they converse, while the team get to work on the anomaly.)*

[EXTRANEOUS DETAILS CUT FOR BREVITY]

**Espina:** Alright. Got that down.

**Moya:** Yup, all good. Conprocs for this are going to be peanuts.

*(The CALMECAC soldiers enter the tent.)*

**Lt. Águila:** Costa. We have a problem.

*(The team turns to them.)*

**Agent Costa:** What is it?

**Lt. Águila:** Army's gone.

**Agent Costa:** What?

**Lt. Águila:** There's supposed to be soldiers here pulling security. We can't find anyone.

**Agent Costa:** Are you sure?

**Lt. Águila:**  Positive. Radios are not working as well. Just stay here. We're checking the area.

**Sgt. Obregón** Where's Leeds?

*(There is a moment of silence as people look around.)*

**Moya:** He went out to take a piss.

**Sgt. Obregón** How long ago?

**Ike:** It's been five minutes.

**Sgt. Obregón** Oh no.

**Agent Costa:** Alright, what's the pl—

*(Suddenly, gunfire erupts causing the personnel to flinch, followed by screaming. Aguila and Obregon immediately raise their rifles, followed by Costa drawing his pistol.)*

**Lt. Águila:** Stay here. We'll figur—

*(A strong gust of wind sends the tent flying, causing items to be knocked over and personnel to fall.)*

**Ike:** Holy, shit!

*(Footage shows an unidentified masked figure moving their hands in the direction of the flying tent. Several vehicles pull up to the site, where multiple armed men dismount and rush forward. They open fire into the air and shout, causing the workers and personnel to flee.)*

**Lt. Águila:** Shit. Las Viboras An anomalous insurgent group operating in LATAM..

*(Some of them move towards the team.)*

**Moya:** Fuck this.

*(Moya makes a run towards the smaller tents.)*

**Espina:** Daniel, wait!

*(The rebels open fire, sending dirt flying up.)*

**Lt. Águila:** Get to the van! Go! Go! Go!

*(Emilio and Aarón provide covering fire as the rest of the team run towards the van.)*

**Agent Costa:** Heads down! Move!

*(Footage shows Costa turning back. The two soldiers are briefly spotted being thrown back several metres by a gust of wind sent by the rebel.)*

**Agent Costa:** Shit.

*(As the team approach the van, four Las Viboras fighters come out of the brushes, guns raised.)*

**LV Rebel:** ¡Suelta el arma, pendejo! ¡Suéltala! Drop the gun, dickhead! Drop it! 

**Agent Costa:** Fellas! Fellas! ¡Espera! ¡Espera! ¡Espera! ¡Está bien! Wait! Wait! Wait! OK! 

 

*(Costa drops his gun. A rebel walks up to him and knocks Costa to the ground with the butt of his rifle.)*

**LV Rebel:** ¡Malditos carceleros! ¡Todos al suelo! Fucking Jailors. All of you! Get on the ground! 

*(The rest of the team complies at gunpoint.)*

*(Security camera footage shows the CALMECAC soldiers being manhandled on the ground by fighters as some place SCP-8361 into some kind of container, upon which it is attached to a harness. A much larger rebel proceeds to carry this container.)*

**LV Rebel 2:**  Capitán, ¡lo conseguimos! ¡Vámonos!  Captain, we got it! Let's go! 

*(Agent Moya is seen hiding at the shrine tent. He is muttering prayers to himself. Moments later, two LV fighters are seen entering.)*

**LV Rebel 3:** *(Raising his gun.)*  ¡Carcelero! ¡Vamos por él! Jailor! Let’s get him. 

**Moya:** ¡No, por favor! No, please!

*(The other immediately swats his barrel down.)*

**LV Rebel 4:** ¡No, idiota! ¡Alto el fuego! No, you idiot! Hold your fire!

**LV Rebel 3:**  Pero está solo. Podemos con él y con ese agente. But he’s alone. We can take him and that agent. 

**LV Rebel 4:**  ¡No! No delante de Ella. No! Not in front of Her.

*(There is a brief moment of silence.)*

**LV Rebel 4:**  Aquí no. Not here. *(He looks up at Moya, eyes glowing red.)*  Eres un hombre suertudo, Carcelero. You're a lucky man, Jailor.

**LV Rebel 2:**  ¡Date prisa! ¡El ejército llegará en cualquier momento! Hurry up! Army will be here any minute! 

*(Several of the rebels have finished drawing sigils into the earth. This opens a portal which the fighter carrying SCP-8361 runs into followed by the others. This portal then quickly collapses.)*

**LV Rebel 5:** ¡EJÉRCITO! ¡EJÉRCITO! ARMY! ARMY!

*(Several military vehicles arrive to the scene as the Mexican army open fire on the rebels. The one with wind powers sends a gust of wind sending debris towards the soldiers.)*

**LV Rebel 6:**  ¡Retírate! ¡Retírate! ¡Vámonos!  Retreat! Retreat! Let's go!

*(The rebels holding the team run away, one taking the discarded pistol. The rebels throw smoke grenades as they rush back into their vehicles and drive off. Costa is seen running back with the rest of the Foundation team. Footage shows several soldiers attempting to help Lt. Aguila and Obregon get up.)*

**Mexican soldier:**  ¿Están todos bien?Is everyone ok?

**Sgt. Obregón** *(Knocking back his hands)*  ¡Suéltenme! ¿Dónde chingados estaban, pendejos? Let go of me! Where the fuck were you shitheads? 

**Mexican soldier:**  Los insurgentes atacaban desde el norte. Nos ordenaron ir como refuerzos. Insurgents were attacking up North. We were ordered to go as reinforcements. 

**Lt. Águila:**  ¡¿Y no dejaste a nadie para que se encargara de la seguridad?! *(Mutters)* Malditos idiotas. And you left no one to pull security?! *(Mutters)* Goddamn idiots. 

**Agent Costa:** You guys alright?

**Sgt. Obregón** We're good. Tell this guy to fuck off.

*(Agent Moya is seen running to the group.)*

**Agent Costa:** Is everyone here?

**Moya:** They took the CPIA guy!

*(They all turn to look at him.)*

**Moya:** They were talking something about hostages. I think they took him.

**Agent Costa:** Fucking hell.

[END LOG]

**Addendum 2:**

In response to the attack, a task force, codenamed Task Force 87, comprising CPIA, SCPF, and CALMECAC operatives, was set up to recover both the anomaly and Agent Leeds.

Three days later, the team got news that a group of Las Viboras fighters had been ambushed by Valravn forces nearby.

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Date: 6/10/2012**

**Team:** Taskforce 87

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*(Footage shows the taskforce driving up the road approaching a column of shot-up vehicles surrounded by Valravn mercenaries. They stop and dismount. Several of the mercenaries are seen carrying and lining up dead Las Viboras fighters on the side of the road with their weapons in a second line.)*

**Lt. Águila:** I hope they left some alive to talk to.

**Sgt. Obregón:**  ¿Con los Ravens? Improbable. With the Ravens? Unlikely.  

*(The taskforce approaches one of the mercenaries.)*

**Agent Costa:** We need to speak to your commander.

**Valravn Commander:** That would be me, sir.

*(A mercenary approaches from one of the SUVs parked nearby.)*

**Valravn Commander:** What do you fellas need?

**Agent Costa:** We're searching for a missing CPIA agent and anomaly. I believe the people you have here have info about that.

*(The officer looks down before chuckling.)*

**Valravn Commander:** Well, most of them are dead. But we've got a few stragglers who could be of use. In fact, I think I have a feeling they did something with your guy.

**Agent Costa:** What do you mean?

**Valravn Commander:** Come over here. We found this.

*(As they follow him, the officer whistles to two of his men, who open the doors to one of the SUVs, revealing two large duffel bags. He zips open one, revealing bundles of US dollars. He picks up one and shows it to the taskforce.)*

**Valravn Commander:** Quite the deal happened if you ask me. You fellas want some?

*(There is a moment of silence.)*

**Valravn Commander:** Fine. More for us.

*(He pockets the bundle and closes the car door.)*

**Valravn Commander:** Shilo! Bring one of the fuckers over.

*(A mercenary enters a nearby tent and seconds later drags out a man appearing to be a Las Viboras fighter. The man is bloodied. The mercenary brings him to the men.)*

**Valravn Commander:** You like to talk. Now talk. *(To Costa.)* Ask him your questions.

*(Costa looks at Emilio, who goes up to speak.)*

**Lt. Águila:**  Tus hombres se llevaron una estatua y a un agente estadounidense. ¿Qué hiciste con ellos? Your men took a statue and an American agent. What did you do with them? 

*(The man remains silent. The commander smacks him across the head.)*

**Valravn Commander:** *¡Habla! ¡Habla!*Speak! Speak! 

*(The man starts coughing several times.)*

**Lt. Águila:**  ¿Quieres agua? You want water?   

*(The man slowly looks up.)*

**Insurgent:** ...Sí. ...Yes. 

*(Emilio takes out a bottle of water and offers it towards the insurgent. The man opens his mouth gingerly as Emilio pours the water into his mouth. After several gulps, he stops and heaves.)*

**Insurgent:**  Tomamos la estatua y se la vendimos a unos hombres. También pidieron al agente de la CIA, así que se lo entregamos. We...We took the statue and sold it to some men. They asked for the CIA guy as well, so we handed him over too.   

**Lt. Águila:**  ¿Quienes eran? Who were they? 

**Insurgent:**  No lo sé. El jefe nos acaba de decir que unos tipos ofrecían mucho dinero por la estatua. Nos dijeron que nos encargáramos del trato. I don't know. Boss just told us some guys were offering a lot of money for the statue. We were just told to handle the deal.  

*(There is a moment of silence.)*

**Valravn Commander:** Look, this man gave you water, and you want to lie to him, huh? Heh... you fuckers deserve to drink my piss. Let's get you—

**Insurgent:** *(Coughs.)*  ¡Espera! ¡Espera! Por favor. Eran de aquí. Tenían acento de aquí.  Wait! Wait! Please. They were local. Their accent was local.

**Taskforce Radio:** Costa. We got Leeds.

**Agent Costa:** This is Costa. Say again?

**Taskforce Radio:** We got a lead on him. Federales found him wandering down the side of a road.

**Agent Costa:** Where is he now?

**Taskforce Radio:** In police custody. Sending you the location of the station.

**Agent Costa:** Copy. We're on our way. *(To Valravn commander.)* Carry on, commander.  ¡Vamos a movernos!    Let's move! 

**Sgt. Obregón:** Same fucking day, eh?

[EXTRENUOUS DETAILS CUT FOR BREVITY]

*(Footage shows the men walking into a police station led by an officer. On one of the chairs sits a dishevelled and bruised Agent Leeds with a bandage across his head. He turns to see the men and smiles.)*

**Agent Leeds:** Took you long enough.

**Sgt. Obregón:** Didn't expect to find you in one piece, gringo.

**Agent Leeds:** Funny. I need a sat phone, ASAP.

**Agent Costa:** Why?

**Agent Leeds:** Just get me one.

*(One of the operatives retrieves a satellite phone from his vest pocket and hands it to Leeds. He immediately begins dialing a number and waits for a call.)*

**Sgt. Obregón:** Who are you calling?

**Agent Leeds:** *(Holding up his hand.)* Shh... Wait. Wait.

*(After a moment, someone on the other end picks up.)*

**Unknown voice:** Hello?

**Agent Leeds:** Eagle 3. Laurie Strode.

**Unknown voice:** Affirmative, agent.

**Agent Leeds:** Trace Agent. Fredrick Leeds. ID 03-93-85-72.

*(Several seconds pass.)*

**Unknown voice:** Agent located. Location: Soledad de Graciano Sánchez.

**Agent Leeds:** Send coordinates to Leeds' email and CPIA Director.

**Unknown voice:** Will do.

*(Leeds hangs up.)*

**Agent Leeds:** Get me to a computer. We got them. T—The guys who let me go.

**Agent Costa:** How sure are you?

*(Leeds smiles and opens his mouth wide, revealing a gaping hole where one of his teeth should be.)*

**Agent Leeds:** Good old trackers.

[END LOG]

**Addendum 3:**

Tracing the location of the tracker led to the house of 2nd Sargeant Mauricio Ruiz of the Mexican Army. He was already on a CPIA watchlist suspected to be a sicario A hitman specifically for Mexican drug cartels. . It was also noted that his unit was currently under investigation for a mole. Taskforce 87 located Ruiz and an associate, Carlos Arboleda, near Arbodela's house in Soledad de Graciano Sánchez. There, at 21:46, the two men were abducted near Arbodela's home and taken to a CPIA safehouse to be interrogated.

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** 7/10/2012

**Team:** Taskforce 87

**Subjects:** 2nd Sgt Mauricio Ruiz, Carlos Arboleda

**Interrogator:** Agent Alex Costa

---

[The following conversations were translated from Spanish.]

[BEGIN LOG]

*(The two suspects are currently held in a confinement cell. A hidden camera was placed to record their interactions.)*

**Arboleda:** Bro, I'm scared.

**Ruiz:** Just keep cool, man. You have nothing to do with this.

**Arboleda:** We fucked up. Santa Muerte. This is all her doing.

 **Ruiz:** Carlos, shut up.

**Arboleda:** We're going to die.

**Ruiz:** Shut the fuck up, dickhead!

*(Guards enter the room and takes Ruiz away. Arboleda is heard saying a prayer to Santa Muerte.)*

*(The door of the interrogation room opens, and the men walk in and sit Ruiz in a chair opposite Agent Costa. They close the door and pull off the bag. Ruiz squints and turns his head around before focusing on Agent Costa.)*

**Costa:** Hello there, Mauricio.

*(The subject remains silent for several seconds.)*

**Costa:** Where is the idol?

**Ruiz:** This will not work, dickhead.

**Costa:** We know you have it. It's in your best interest to cooperate with us.

**Ruiz:** I think you don't know who you're dealing with, sir. I know what benefits me.

**Costa:** ...You’re right... This will not work.

*(Costa signals to the guard, who covers his head and and drag him out of the room.)*

*(The door to the cell opens as the guards walk in and drop Ruiz before grabbing hold of Arboleda)*

**Arboleda:**  Ruiz! Ruiz! What's going on?

**Ruiz:** Carlos. Don't tell them anything. Shut your-

*(A guard punches Ruiz in the face before and escorting Arboleda out.)*

*(The men bring Arboleda to the interrogation room. As he is sat down, Costa raises his hand before the men remove the bag. The guards stop. The subject is seen shivering. There is a moment of silence before Costa places a hand on the subject's shoulder, causing him to flinch. He leaves his hand there for some time.)*

**Costa:** Carlos...

*(The subject turns his head as Agent Costa gently removes the bag.)*

**Costa:** Hey there.

**Arboleda:** I—I— I won't talk.

**Costa:** Carlos... Who is Santa Muerte?

**Arboleda:** What?

**Costa:** I'm from the US, so I'm not really sure. My family didn't tell me about her growing up. Who is she? Some kind of demon?

**Arboleda:** Demon?! She's— she's the Goddess of this land!

**Costa:** Goddess. I don't think she looks like a Goddess.

**Arboleda:** How dare you? See! It's because of non-believers like you that she's angry with us. You have no respect. That's why she's doing all this.

**Costa:** All of what?

**Arboleda:** Everything? Look around you. This war. You gringos coming in. We'll all become Los Alacrán at this point.

**Costa:** Pardon me, who?

**Arboleda:** You don't know about Los Alacrán?! Everyone in Mexico knows about their tale. What happens when you make The Lady mad.

**Costa:** Forgive us. We are foreign to all this. Could you tell what happened?

**Arboleda:** ...Back when the drug wars started, all these cartels popped up. One of them was called Los Alacrán. They were one of the top cocaine producers. Then, they went into meth. Became big shots. So big they would put their symbol, the scorpion, on packages to show people whose stuff they were dealing with. But as they said, pride comes before the fall.

In the late 90s, they kidnapped and tortured this lawyer chick. Heard they also took a video of it. After they were done with her, they dropped her body right at a shrine of Santa Muerte—those stupid bastards. One week later, the grey arrived.

**Costa:** The grey?

**Arboleda:** The Knights Guild. Tho-Those contractor guys. All grey and masked up. The government brought them in to protect their shit from getting pillaged and train the military.

Next thing we knew, the entire Los Alacrán leadership was killed and the rest of the cartels destroyed whatever was left of them.

**Costa:** How?

**Arboleda:** Don't know. Some suspect she was related to a rival cartel, but let me tell you, this shit felt different. It was like the wrath of a furious God. I mean, rumours are the boss was found dead in his mansion surrounded by dead guards. All dropped like flies. His fucking head and spine ripped out of his body, never to be seen again. That's like some Predator shit, man! But ever since then, everyone, especially the cartels, believes that it was a curse for desecrating the shrine of the Santa Muerte. That's why there's so much adoration of her… Well, except from Sin Nombre. Let me be the first to say this. I've never seen God, but I've seen death, so I'd be damned if I didn't worship Her. Hell, people were getting rid of any scorpion symbols out of fear She might strike them.

*(Costa writes in his notebook.)*

**Costa:** ...Good. This will help a lot.

**Arboleda:** Please don't hurt Ruiz. He— He acts tough and all, but he knows this, too.

**Costa:** I'll decide.

*(The guards put on the bag and take him back to the cell before leaving.)*

**Ruiz:** What did you tell them?

**Arboleda:** Nothing, I swear. They were asking about Los Alacrán, so I just told them the stories.

**Ruiz:** Them? Why do they want to know about them?

**Arboleda:** I don't know. I just told them that. Promise.

**Ruiz:** Carl, I swear to the Goddess. I will tear you a new one if I find out you've told-

*(The guards walk in and bring in Ruiz to the interrogation room.)*

**Costa:** Hello again, Mauricio.

**Ruiz:** Look. I know nothing.

**Costa:** Let's cut to the chase. We know about Santa Muerte. We know about your plan.

**Ruiz:** Bullshit. Carlos knows nothing.

**Costa:** You think he would lie on the Goddess's name?

**Ruiz:** Fuck you! What do you know about Her? You… you are all a curse. All of you PMCs, gringo intelligence services, nahuals are a curse by her. We have poisoned this land.

**Costa:** Why'd you leave the American alive?

**Ruiz:** Why? Kill him so you have more reason to fuck our shit in?! I thought we had enough to deal with, so we dumped him.

*(Suspect is seen rubbing his forearm.)*

**Ruiz:** Maybe that would appease Santa Muerte a bit.

*(Footage shows large scarring on his right forearm.)*

**Costa:** That's a nasty scar you got there.

*(Suspect quickly pulls up his sleeve.)*

**Ruiz:** Yeah? What about it?

*(Pause.)*

**Costa:** You were Los Alacrán, weren't you?

**Ruiz:** Heh…No… It was just a scorpion tattoo I got a long time ago. When everyone with such a tattoo had bad shit happen to them, I burnt it off with acid.

**Costa:** And you think it worked?

**Ruiz:** …So far. I'm still alive.

**Costa:** So far. But you and I know that's not enough.

**Costa:** Look, Mauricio, I know that deep down there, you still believe in Santa Muerte. You still swear by Her. That's what's keeping you alive. But to complete the process, you must fully atone for your sin.

**Ruiz:** That is by?

**Costa:** You stole from Her. Give it back.

**Ruiz:** … It's not that easy?

**Costa:** Well, that's where we come in.

**Ruiz:** What do you mean?

**Costa:** We're here to take back what belongs to the Goddess. To her land. But to do that, I need your help, Mauricio. The Goddess has put you here for a reason. All you have to do is do your part, and things can get better. I promise.

**Costa:** I… we will ensure that you and Carlos are safe from all this. I promise upon her name.

*(The suspect looks up at Costa before looking back down.)*

**Costa:** Take your time.

*(There is a notable moment of silence.)*

**Ruiz:** My company works directly under CALMECAC. My captain...

**Costa:** Name?

**Ruiz:** Captain Fernando Sebastián Sarmiento. Under his command, we'd been giving Sin Nombre intel for months and carrying out hits for them. Recently, however, CALMECAC began an internal investigation, and they were closing in on him. So, he brokered a deal with Sin Nombre to provide our services as enforcers in exchange for protection.

**Costa:** How does the artifact play into this?

**Ruiz:** A gift to sweeten the pot. I personally believe it's a desperate move on his part.

*(Silence.)*

**Ruiz:** Do you promise to keep us safe? You swore upon Her. That is not something to be taken lightly.

**Costa:** I promise. You're doing Her proud.

**Ruiz:** We're planning to defect tomorrow. The unit will be gathered at a warehouse 10 clicks south of San Luis Potosi. We'll move down the road till we reach Sin Nombre territory as part of the deal.

**Costa:** Do you know the route?

**Ruiz:** I'm sorry. Only the Captain and his Lieutenants know.

**Costa:** If you are hiding-

**Ruiz:** I swear upon Her.

**Costa:** ...Fine. We'll get it sorted. Thank you.

[END LOG]

**Closing Statement**: [The two men were amnesticised and placed under witness protection before being migrated to the US and given new identities.]

**Addendum 4: Incident SCP-8361-2**

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** 8/10/2012

**Exploration Team:** Taskforce 87

**Subject:** SCP-8361

**Team Lead:** Agent Alex Costa

**Team Members:** Lt. Emilio Águila, Sgt. Aarón Obregón

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*(Team is in position performing overwatch of the warehouse. Several Mexican army soldiers are seen patrolling and carrying out tasks. Several military and civilian vehicles are parked at the warehouse.)*

**Agent Costa:** High Castle-6, scanning the area. No sign of item.

**High Castle-6:** Copy that Overwatch. Keep looking. We need visual confirmation that the item is there.

**Agent Costa:** Copy that. Out.

[EXTRANEOUS DETAILS CUT FOR BREVITY]

**High Castle-6:** Overwatch. Status on target.

**Agent Costa:** Negative, High Castle-6. No visual on artefact.

**High Castle-6:** Overwatch. We need confirmation to deploy. Keep on the lookout.

*(Suddenly, there is commotion amongst the renegades. They are seen quickly packing up and getting into the vehicles.)*

**Agent Costa:** High Castle-6. Tangos are making a move. Send in the cavalry now. We can stop them.

**High Castle-6:** Negative, Overwatch. We need confirmation on the target first.

**Agent Costa:** We don't have time! We lose them now, we might lose them for good. It has to be in one of the vehicles.

**High Castle-6:** I'm sorry, Overwatch. We'll need to ensure the attack is worthwhile.

**Agent Costa:** Fine… we'll make it worthwhile. We'll infiltrate the convoy.

**High Castle-6:** Negative, Overwatch! You're outnumbered. It's too risky.

**Agent Costa:** Overwatch, moving out. *(To Lt.Águila)* Emilio, cover me.

**Lt. Águila:** Roger.

*(The three men sneak down the hill using their active camouflage ghillie suits. They make their way past several vehicles and move against the outside walls of the warehouse.)*

**Lt. Águila:** What's your plan?

**Agent Costa:** We've got to get in somehow.

**Sgt. Obregón:** Yeah, but how?

*(Footage shows two soldiers talking to each other before moving to some far away bushes to urinate.)*

**Agent Costa:** I have an idea. Lieutenant, on me.

**Lt. Águila:** Where are you going?

**Agent Costa:** Getting a disguise.

*(Costa and Águila sneak up behind and proceed to take down the two soldiers as Obregón keeps watch.)*

**Lt. Águila:** So we just wear their uniforms?

**Agent Costa:** That and this.

*(He removes an ointment container from his pouch. Opening it, he starts applying the cream onto the faces of dead soldiers.)*

**Lt. Águila:** What are you doing?

**Agent Costa:** We call this memetic cream. It reacts to and takes details of the face of the wearer. Adding that to this…

*(He removes two balaclavas and carefully places one facing down on the face of one of the soldiers, pressing down.)*

**Agent Costa:** We can make others think we have his face.

*(He does the same for the other soldier.)*

**Agent Costa:** It's not the best we have. But it works in a pinch.

**Sgt. Obregón:** You Foundation guys are nuts. Where's mine?

**Agent Costa:** Sorry, I only got two. We'll work out something for you.

**Sgt. Obregón:** Damn.

*(He removes the balaclavas and, giving one to Aguila, they put them on. Their two faces change to become that of the soldiers)*

**Lt. Águila:** ¡Dios mío!  My God!  Your face.

**Agent Costa:** Looking good. Same for you. Now let's wear these uniforms.

*(The men quickly strip and wear the two men’s uniforms.)*

**Agent Costa:** Alright, here's the plan. Aarón, you stay under the cloak and follow us. We'll go to one of the vehicles and get inside. We'll jack it from there.

**Sgt. Obregón:** Roger.

**Agent Costa:** Let’s move.

*(The two walk forward casually with Obregón following behind.)*

**Humvee Driver:** ¡Eduardo! ¡Juan! ¡Dénse prisa, cabrones! ¡Nos vamos!Eduardo! Juan! Hurry the fuck up! We're moving! 

*(A soldier shouts from one of the Humvees. The three make their way towards it and they all enter.)*

**Humvee Driver:** ¿Porqué se tardaron tanto, cabrones? What took you assholes so long? 

*(Obregón moves a bit. The soldier suddenly looks into the side mirror.)*

**Humvee Driver:**  Espera.*(Turning around.)*¿Qué carajo? Wait. *(Turning back.)*  What the fuck? 

*(Águila in the front seat draws and places his pistol at the soldier’s neck.)*

**Lt. Águila:** ¡Relájate! Relájate. No hagas ninguna estupidez. Relax! Relax. Don't do anything stupid.   

**Humvee Driver:** ¿Juan? ¿Qué pasa, cabron? Juan? Fuck’s wrong with you?

**Lt. Águila:** Shhh. Simplemente actúa normal.Shhh. Just act normal.  

*(Obregón removes his ghillie hood and starts with the rest of the suit. After a moment, the front car horns, followed by the second, and then the third.)*

**Lt. Águila:** Actúa con normalidad. Act normal.  

*(When his turn comes the soldier beeps the horn. This is followed by two more horns.)*

**Lt. Águila:** Ahora. Conduce.  Now. Drive. 

*(The convoy begins driving out of the warehouse and onto the road.)*

**Agent Costa:** High Castle-6, we're in the convoy. Follow our location.

**High Castle-6:** ...Affirmative, Overwatch. Keep following. We're sending reinforcements to your location. 5 mikes. Stay sharp.

**Agent Costa:** Roger.

**Humvee Driver:** Están cometiendo un error. Sin Nombre les cortará la cabeza.  You guys are making a mistake. Sin Nombre will have your heads. 

**Lt. Águila:**  Cállate, pendejo. Shut it, asshole. 

[EXTRANEOUS DETAILS CUT FOR BREVITY.]

**Lt. Águila:** Tranquilízate, hombre. Keep it cool, man.

*(After several minutes, the convoy drives into an area with hills and rocky terrain.)*

**Agent Costa:** The cavalry should be here soon. Just stay—

*(The vehicle infront of them stops, forcing the driver of the Humvee to stop as well.)*

**Lt. Águila:** ¿Por qué nos detuvimos?Why’d we stop?  

*(Faint Mexican music can be heard in the background.)*

**Humvee Driver:** No sé. I don’t know 

**Lt. Águila:** Pregúntales. Ask them.

**Army Radio:** Carita, ¿cuál es la situación? Carita, what’s the situation?   

**Carito:** Capitán, un estúpido imbécil acaba de conducir su camión hacia el lado equivocado de la carretera y está bloqueando el paso. Captain, some stupid shithead just drove his truck onto the wrong side of the road and is blocking the way.   

**Captain:** Bueno, dile que se mueva a la chingada.  Well, tell him to fucking move. 

**Carito:** No es posible, capitán. Parece que el motor no funciona. Not possible, Captain. Apparently, engine’s not working.

*(Some soldiers are seen dismounting and walking towards the front of the convoy.)*

**Sgt. Obregón:** Something's off.

**Agent Costa:** I agree. Just stay cool.  No hagas nada estúpido. Don’t do anything stupid.   

*(Suddenly, a whistle, followed by rapid bangs akin to firecrackers, is heard coming from behind the vehicle.)*

**Lt. Águila:** What the fuck?!

**Agent Costa:** Ambush!

*(An explosion is seen and heard at the front of the convoy as soldiers outside duck. One soldier, attempting to run, is shot in the head and crumbles onto the ground.)*

**Captain:** Soldados, pasen a la defensiva— Soldiers, move into defensive—  

*(The radio is cut short by the sounds of loud distorted binary squawking. The music also stops abruptly.)*

**Agent Costa:** Jesus!

**Mexican Soldier 1:** *(Shouting)* ¡En las colinas! In the hills!

**Mexican Soldier 2:** *(Shouting.)* ¡Disparen! ¡Disparen!   Fire! Fire! 

*(The soldiers open fire towards the hills as bullets fly past. Some strike the vehicle causing glass to crack and metal to ding. The men inside the Humvee duck.)*

**Agent Costa:** High Castle-6, this is Overwatch! Convoy is under attack! I repeat! Convoy is being hit! Is it you? Over!

*(The same noise is heard over Overwatch radio.)*

**Agent Costa:** Fuck. We're being jammed.

*(The aforementioned truck speeds off the road to the side. Soldiers drop to the ground left and right.)*

**Agent Costa:** Everyone stay put! Heads down!

**Lt. Águila:** *(Pushing the soldier’s head down.)* ¡Abajo! ¡Abajo! Get down! Get down!

//(

**Lt. Águila:** I hear rotors.

*(The sound of a helicopter is heard approaching over the gunfire and explosions. A loud rip is heard as tracer rounds tear into a truck carrying soldiers as they tumble out and clamber to escape. The camera sees a brief glimpse of a UH-60 from behind one of the windows.)*

**Mexican Soldier 3:** ¡SON LOS CABALLEROS! ¡SON LOS PUTOS CABALLEROS!IT’S THE KNIGHTS! IT’S THE FUCKING KNIGHTS!  

**Lt. Águila:** The Knights? How did they find out?

**Sgt. Obregón:** They're on our side, though. That's good for us.

**Agent Costa:** Yeah, but we look like the guys they're fucking shooting at.

*(Costa quickly pulls off his mask, followed by Emilio.)*

**Agent Costa:** Emilio, sat phone!

*(Several vehicles drive down the road. Three of them —armoured pickups —rush in from the east, their tires kicking up dirt as they drive past the convoy. Lt. Águila removes a satellite phone from his vest and hands it to Costa.)*

**Sgt. Obregón:** You're calling HQ?

**Agent Costa:** Yeah, sort of.

**Megaphone voice:** Aquí el Knights Guild. Ríndanse ahora. Salgan de los vehículos con las manos en alto o les dispararemos. This is the Knights Guild. Surrender now. Step out of the vehicles with your hands up or we will shoot. Noted to be Castilian or European Spanish. 

*(Several renegades drop their weapons and surrender as masked, armed figures slowly move up. The satellite phone picks up a call.)*

**Unknown:** Hello?

**Agent Costa:** Freddie, it's Costa.

**Agent Leeds:** Alex? I thought you're on op? What's going—

**Agent Costa:** We're in a situation. Listen up! I need you to get to CPIA and contact the Knights Guild. Tell them there's CIA on the ground in their mission. I repeat, there's CIA on the ground.

**Megaphone KG Contractor:** ¡Salga del vehículo con las manos en alto! Step out of the vehicles with your hands up!

**Agent Costa:** Fuck it! Aarón, handle this. I'll try to stall them. *(To the driver.)* No te pinches muevas.  Don’t you fucking move.

**Humvee Driver:**  S-Sí. Sí. Yes. Yes.

**Sgt. Obregón:** Got it. *(Into phone.)* Freddie. Tell CPIA the Guild are about to kill us. Hurry!

**Agent Leeds:** Ye-Yeah! *(Running is heard.)* Yes, I’m on it!

*(Agent Costa opens the door and walks out with his hands up.)*

**Megaphone KG Contractor:** Manos en el aire. Hands in the air. 

**Agent Costa:** Don’t shoot! Don't shoot! We're CIA!

**Megaphone KG Contractor:** Say again?!

**Agent Costa:** We’re CIA. We're on a mission tailing these guys.

*(There is a moment of silence.)*

**Megaphone KG Contractor:**  Why are you dressed like Mexican army?

**Agent Costa:** It's a deep cover operation. We were supposed to infiltrate the group and get into contact with Sin Nombre.

 **Megaphone KG Contractor:** That’s interesting. The thing is we've got no info there's any CIA operations in the area.

*(Contractors move forward along one of the lorries Slits can be seen on the sides of the container. Costa takes a step forward.)*

**Agent Costa:** Guys, we're on the same team.

**Megaphone KG Contractor:** Do not move further or we will shoot!

*(He stops.)*

**Megaphone KG Contractor:** Who else is in the Humvee?

**Agent Costa:** Three of my guys.

*(As the two converse, Obregón speaks into the phone.)*

**Sgt. Obregón:** Freddie, status update?

**Agent Leeds:** Patching in now. Give me a minute.

**Sgt. Obregón:** We don't have a minute. Do it faster.

**Agent Leeds:** I’m trying. I'm trying, dude.

**Agent Costa:** We're friendly, understand? So just let us get out of the car and-

**Captain:** ¡ID! GO!

*(The sliding of metal is heard and a contractor turns to the container. They're knocked back as gunfire erupts from it on all sides, followed by a second lorry. A soldier quickly gets behind the HMG on a nearby Humvee and opens fire.)*

**KG Contractor 1:** Man down!

**KG Contractor 2:** Waste them!

*(The KG returns fire from both sides, sending bullets everywhere. Agent Costa ducks and leaps back into the Humvee.)*

**Agent Costa:** Jesus Christ!

*(He quickly grabs the door and shuts it as bullets fly and smash against it.)*

**Agent Costa:** Aarón?!

**Sgt. Obregón:** Freddie?!

**Agent Leeds:** I'm talking to them now!

*(An explosion occurs infront of them as the Humvee bursts into flames.)*

**Sgt. Obregón:** HURRY UP, PENDEJO! DICKHEAD!

*(Footage shows a rocket hit the side of one of the lorries, tearing a hole in it. As the blast clears, Mexican soldiers are seen running up and down through the hole and firing outwards, seemingly unharmed.)*

**KG Contractor 3** Smoke that fucking lorry!

*(Red tracers from the UH-60 rip into the containers, creating clouds of red mist.)*

*(Seconds later, the gunfire stops.)*

**KG Contractor 3** Hell yeah! Good kill, Warlock!

**Agent Costa:** What's going on?

*(Águila leans to the side. The sideview mirror shows KG contractors moving up the convoy checking vehicles. At one, a Mexican soldier pops out with his hands in the air.)*

**Mexican Soldier:**  Me rin- I surre-

*(He is immediately shot as the contractor proceeds to reload his gun and mag dump indiscriminantly into the vehicle.)*

**Lt. Águila:** Oh no. No. No. No. Shit! They're going to kill us all.

**Sgt. Obregón:** What do we do?!

*(The contractors move to the next vehicle.)*

**Agent Leeds:** Charlie-Echo-One-Two-Zero-Yankee! I repeat. Charlie-Echo-One-Two-Zero-Yankee!

**Sgt. Obregón:** What?

**Agent Leeds:** That's the security passcode. They'll know you're CIA. Quick, say it.

*(The men look at each other. The contractors are one vehicle away.)*

**Agent Costa:** I’ll go.

*(Costa takes a deep breath before opening the door.)*

**KG Contractor 3**: Stand down!

**Agent Costa:** Charlie. Echo. One-Two-Zero… Yankee!

**KG Contractor 3** Say again?

*(He steps out of the vehicle with hands in the air.)*

**Agent Costa:** Security Phrase: Charlie-Echo-One-Two-Zero-Yankee! DO NOT SHOOT! Charlie-Echo-One-Two-Zero-Yankee.

*(A loud bang is heard followed by the contractor firing his gun. Costa collapses to the ground.)*

**Lt. Águila:** COSTA!!!

**Sgt. Obregón:** NO!!

**KG Contractor 4** Hold your fire!

**Megaphone KG Contractor** All units. Hold your fire. Hold your fire!

*(Emilio and Aarón get out of the Humvee, hands raised as contractors surround them. One of the contractors runs from a pickup to the scene.)*

**KG Contractor 4** Lt. Águila? Sgt. Obregón? Mexican Marines?

**Lt. Águila:**  Yes. Don't shoot us!

**KG Contractor 4** Got it! *(Mutters.)* Shit. Shit! WHO FIRED?!

*(Costa groans as he clutches his chest.)*

**Agent Costa:** Santísima Muerte, te pido protección. Cuídame de todo mal, de peligros y enfermedades. Que tu manto blanco me cubra y me guíe. Amén. Most Holy Death, I ask for your protection. Guard me from all evil, from dangers and illnesses. May your white mantle cover me and guide me. Amen.

*(Costa sees his fingers and rubs them. There is no blood. He moves his vest.)*

**Agent Costa:** *(Muttering.)* *Shit... You caught it.*

*(He turns to his side. Footage shows the container lorry with the hole blasted in it. Amongst the gore, sitting inside is SCP-8361.)*

**Agent Costa:** *Huh...*

**KG Contractor 4** Fucking dumbass! *(Into radio.)* All units. This is Bison-6. Friendlies confirmed in area. *(To nearby contractors.)* Get those guys out of here. And I need a medic, now!

[EXTRANEOUS DETAILS CUT FOR BREVITY.]

*(Footage shows Taskforce 87 and Knights Guild assets in the area. KG contractors are seen detaining and lining up defectors on the side of the road and confiscating weapons. Agent Costa, Lt. Águila, and Sgt. Obregón are standing next to a vehicle. Costa is on the sat phone with Agent Leeds.)*

**Agent Costa:** I've got to give you credit, man. Didn't think we would have made it out that one. Thanks for the code.

**Agent Leeds:** Yeah, about that…

**Agent Costa:** Yes?

**Agent Leeds:** I pulled that one out of my ass. Still was getting the top brass to send the message to the Guild, so I figured I could buy you some time, heheh.

**Agent Costa:** Fre—Fredrick you—I swear to God, you son of a bitch! We could have gotten creamed out there!

**Agent Leeds:** Well, you didn't. So, I guess I'm your hero now.

**Agent Costa:** Fuck you!

**Agent Leeds:** Same to you. I'll catch you later.

 

 **Agent Costa:** *(Sighs)*

**Lt. Águila:** CIA taking you for a spin?

**Agent Costa:** I'm going to need a drink and a nap in a soundproof room when we get back.

**Lt. Águila:** Tell me about it.

**Sgt. Obregón:** Wonder if we'll get an explanation for this whole mess.

**Agent Costa:** No need. Looks like it's coming now.

*(A KG contractor removes his helmet and walks towards the men. He keeps his balaclava on.)*

**Sgt. Obregón:** *(Mutters.)* Vaya, hablando del diablo. Huh, speak of the devil.   

**KG Contractor 4:** I apologise for the misunderstanding, gentlemen. We were only notified of hostiles in the convoy. Thank Christ you lot came out in one piece… You're feeling better now, yes?

**Agent Costa:** Chest hurts like hell. But I'm alive.

**KG Contractor 4:** Heh, tell me about it. Eh—Where are my manners? Lieutenant Pietrowski.

*(He offers his hand. Agent Costa shakes it.)*

**Lieutenant Pietrowski:** I've always wanted to see some SAD Special Activities Division  guys in action. That's how they call you, right?

**Agent Costa:** Ye-Yeah. Sort of. Who hired you guys for all this?

**Lieutenant Pietrowski:** SEDENA The mundane government department responsible for managing Mexico's Army and Air Forces. .

**Sgt. Obregón:** Excuse me?

**Lieutenant Pietrowski:** The army's infested with rats. They needed someone from the outside to track down and capture the renegades. Seems you guys also had the same idea and—well— here we are.

**Sgt. Obregón:**  Mierda.  Fucking hell.   

**KG Contractor 5:** Lieutenant! Check this out!

*(The four men turn to see several Guild contractors around a heavily shot-up container lorry. One of them opens the passenger door. The bullet-ridden body of a soldier, Later identified as the ring leader, Captain Sarmiento. , slumps out and is caught by two others who lay him on the ground.)*

**KG Contractor 5:** We got the bastard!

**Lieutenant Pietrowski:** Good! Get pictures! And check on the statue! Make sure it's in one piece.

**KG Contractor 5:** Got it, chief! *(To other contractors.)* Open it up.

**Lieutenant Pietrowski:** *(To the agents.)* So after this, your team—

**KG Contractor 6:** HANDS UP! COME OUT SLOWLY!

*(The four men turn. Lt. Pietrowski reaches for his rifle. Guild contractors point their guns at the open container where an arm is seen hanging out. A single Mexican soldier, noticeably completely unscathed, walks out slowly with his arms in the air at the orders of the contractors. One climbs into the container.)*

**Lieutenant Pietrowski:** Pearson, what's going on?

**KG Contractor 6:** Nothing. We found another one. Looks like this guy was hugging the damn statue. Damn it's a mess in here.

**Lieutenant Pietrowski:** What's the status on the statue?

*(The other contractor hangs out of the container.)*

**KG Contractor 7:** Not a scratch, chief!

**Lieutenant Pietrowski:** Excellent! Pack it up. *(To Costa.)* You guys will handle it once we're done here, yes?

**Agent Costa:** Yes.

**Lieutenant Pietrowski:** Right. That will be all from me then. Got to go do inventory of the other stuff we've captured. The Lord Commander sends his regards.

[END LOG]

SCP-8361 was recovered and transferred back to Task Force 87 to continue with the transport.

The renegades and captured equipment were handed over to SEDENA. Due to the miscommunication, the Mexican government has formally apologised for their actions.

On the 10/10/2012, transfer of SCP-8361 across the border to the United States was successful.

<details>
<summary>+ LEVEL 4 ACCESS REQUIRED</summary>

**Hypothesis:**

It is also believed that true reverence and respect toward Mictēcacihuātl and/or Santa Muerte generates the protective field. Despite further testing being required to determine if reverence is directly proportional to the range of this field, it has been theorised that, based on the rising rate of Santa Muerte worship in LATAM, SCP-8361 could not only become a significant relic of worship in the region, akin to the Black Stone in the Kaaba Islam's holiest building., but also passively imbue its worshippers with tangible benefits, further increasing pilgrimages to SCP-8361 and the spread of the religion.

This would significantly shift the religious situation of the region and, based on current forecasts, suspected relationship to [SCP-6755](scp-6755) and the fact The Lady is also an established saint in folk-Catholicism, has the potential to make The Cult of the Pale Lady the largest religion in LATAM.

It is in the Foundation and its allies' best interests to prevent this. Therefore, SCP-8361 will be contained in a private museum located outside of the region, where access can be limited. The Golden Moth Museum was eventually chosen for this based on recommendation from ███████████.

</details>

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8360](SCP-8360) | SCP-8361 | [SCP-8362](SCP-8362) >>

> **Filename:** Muerte-Blanca_6.jpg

> **Author:** my

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Muerte-Blanca_6.jpg)
