.notice{

    border: 1px solid #f9e24d;

    outline: 4px solid #b54d3b;

    color: #f9e24d;

    background: #b54d3b;

    padding: 10px;

    text-align: center;

}

/* HEADER */

#header{ background-image: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-4428/DoMC_Logo100.png); }

#header h1 a{

    display: block;

    margin: 0;

    padding: 80px 0 25px;

    line-height: 0;

    max-height: 0;

    color: transparent;

    background: transparent;

    text-decoration: none;

    text-shadow: none;

    letter-spacing: 0.9px;

}

#header h1 a::before{

    content: "DoMC";

    color: white;

    letter-spacing: -0.02em;

    text-shadow: 3px 3px 5px black;

}

#header h2 span{

    display: block;

    margin: 0;

    padding: 19px 0;

    line-height: 0;

    max-height: 0;

    font-weight: bold;

    color: transparent;

    text-shadow: none;

}

#header h2 span::before{

    content: 'Standardizing Communication Processes';

    color: white;

    text-shadow: 1px 1px 1px black;

}

 .scp-image-block {

    box-shadow: none;

}

 .creditRate {

    margin-right: 0 !important;

}

 

 .rate-box-with-credit-button {

    box-shadow: none !important;

}

a.collapsible-block-link{

     font-weight: bold;

     font-size: 90%;

}

/* 1. Reasonably-sized footnotes */

.hovertip { max-width: 400px; }

@media (min-width:769px) {

.hover {

    padding: 0 1px;

}

.hover span {    display: none;}

.hover:hover span {

    position: absolute;

    display: inline;

    margin: 25px 0px;

    height: auto;

    width: auto;    

    border: 1px solid #f9e24d;

    outline: 4px solid #b54d3b;

    color: #f9e24d;

    background: #b54d3b;

    padding: 1em;

    z-index: 2;

}

.hover:hover span span {

    position: relative;

    margin: auto;

    height: auto;

    width: auto;

    border: none;

    padding: 0;

}

}

@media (max-width: 768px) {

.hover {

    padding: 0 1px;

}

.hover span {    display: none;}

.hover:hover span {

    position: absolute;

    display: inline;

    margin: 50px -290px;

    height: auto;

    width: 250px;    

    border: 1px solid #f9e24d;

    outline: 4px solid #b54d3b;

    color: #f9e24d;

    background: #b54d3b;

    padding: 1em;

    z-index: 2;

}

.hover:hover span span {

    position: relative;

    margin: auto;

    height: auto;

    width: auto;

    border: none;

    padding: 0;

}

}

=====

=====

**SCP-8813:** Standardized Containment Procedures

by 

*No one gets special treatment.*

#### STANDARD FOUNDATION DEPARTMENTAL NOTICE FORM

**Sending Department:**

Department of Miscommunications

**Notice Contents:**

The following file describes a bureaucratogenic infohazardous anomaly affected by interorganizational communication. As per standard protocol of ****Operation ANTIBABEL/8813****, assigned containment personnel are to follow standard communication guidelines in regards to SCP-8813's containment, this notice is also covered by said guidelines.

**Additional Content #1:**

The following containment measures are not special.

**Additional Content #2:**

SCP-8813 is not special.

**Sender:**

-- Eli Forkley, Director, DoMc

**Item #:** SCP-8813

**Object Class:** EntosAs per **[Foundation Extended Containment Classes Manual](esoteric-classes-complete-list)**, Entos-Class items are anomalies contained by their SCP database file.

**Standardized Containment Procedures:** As per standard protocol of **Operation ANTIBABEL/8813**, the following procedures apply to the containment of SCP-8813:

* **Standardized Containment Procedure** "SCP-5883 is contained by this document."**[5883](scp-5883)**

* **Primary Containment -- Informational**

 * Procedural Paragraph 001, Containment Action 001

* **Standardized Containment Procedure** "SCP-2161-2 is confined to a limited set of Foundation files (including this document) on a secure server, with study continuing into its nature."**[2161](scp-2161)**

* **Secondary Containment -- Documentary**

 * Procedural Paragraph 002, Containment Action 001

* **Standardized Containment Procedure** "SCP-682 should be contained within a 5 m x 5 m x 5 m chamber with 25 cm reinforced acid-resistant steel plate lining all inside surfaces."**[0682](scp-682)**

* **Secondary Containment -- General Physical**

 * Procedural Paragraph 001, Containment Action 003

* **Standardized Containment Procedure** "Should SCP-418 become a security or containment threat SCP-418-1 is to be incinerated."**[0418](scp-418)**

* **Secondary Containment -- Reactive Physical**

 * Procedural Paragraph 002, Containment Action 002

* **Standardized Containment Procedure** "The Department of Miscommunications is in charge of direct management of SCP-4288, if required."**[4288](scp-4288)**

* **Juristictional Containment -- Departmental**

 * Procedural Paragraph 001, Containment Action 003

As per standard protocol of **Operation ANTIBABEL/8813**, all applicable and/or relevant designations and dimensions are to be appropriately substituted upon Standardized Containment Procedure assembly.

**Description:** 

* **General Description**

* **Phenomenon Overview -- Both Subdesignations**

 * SCP-8813 is a set of one hundred anomalous devices designed to superficially resemble the Foundation-made MK II Scranton Reality Anchor.As per **Antiontokinetic Technology In Foundation Use**, the MK II Scranton Reality Anchor was the second widely-used SRA model developed by the Foundation, in use from 1930 to 1960. Although phased out, it has been additionally covered in operational standards since 1974.

 * SCP-8813 is inhabited by a hostile bureaucratogenic monochimericAs per **Artificial Life Classification**, a monochimeric entity is a composite organism created through the merging of different body parts of a single species, as opposed to polychimeric, composed of two or more distinct species. entity triggered by the perceived destabilization, nonstandardization and informality within any bureaucratic system which it currently inhabits.

 * Said entity is designated as SCP-8813-β.As per **RAISA SCP Subdesignation Standards**, Greek lettering is used when a subanomaly is intrinsically related to the main anomaly in such a way that the former does not exist without the latter.

* **Specific Description (SCP-8813)**

* **Main Designation -- Physical Properties, Exterior**

 * Hollow metallic cylinders standing on four short legs, although size varies slightly between different instances, all exceed a standard human being.As per **Consensus Agreement On Non-Anomalous Humanity**.

 * The outer shell is theorized to be indestructible, while it can be disassembled allowing easy access to inside components, so far the Foundation has failed to damage it using available resources.As per **Overmohs Scale Of Anomalous Hardness**, SCP-8813 is currently classified as possessing a hardness of 20.

* **Main Designation -- Physical Properties, Interior**

 * An advanced component nearly identical to an MK II SRA core is contained inside each instance. This piece can be damaged, although it is still anomalously resistant.

 * As opposed to the device it is modeled after, said component is not an ontokinetic disruptor, but rather a bureaucratic condenser-filter.

 * The interior component serves as the means of SCP-8813-β manifestation. 

* **Specific Description (SCP-8813-β)**

* **Subdesignation -- Physical Properties, Body**

 * An entity composed of fragmented human carcasses, mostly disembodied limbs, although heads, torsos, and other body parts appear as well, that are permanently affixed to SCP-8813, the parts comprising the entity are not anomalously resistant.

 * No fixed body shape, the development of new body parts constantly changes its physicality. Despite this the two most commonly attested forms are a humanoid one (with SCP-8813 in place of the head or one of the legs) and an arachnid one (with SCP-8813 in place of the abdomen).

 * Typically develops gaping maws of variable size on its body parts, which constantly secrete a thick highly acidic sludge.

* **Subdesignation -- Physical Properties, Other**

 * Individual body parts almost always covered in damaged standard Foundation-issue garments, including lab coats, security armor, HAZMAT suits and D-Class jumpsuits.

* **Subdesignation -- Manifestation Conditions**

 * Growth directly correlates to the amount of irregularities it perceives in the inhabited bureaucratic system. The perceived irregularities can be of any type, as long as they can be logically explained as a resultant of direct management decisions of the system.

 * Growth occurs in stages, starting at small body parts, like individual fingers, and then quickly progressing towards larger and more complete limbs.

* **Subdesignation -- Behaviour**

 * A standard developed instance (one that can fully support the weight of a standard SCP-8813 and therefore move) is extremely aggresive and hostile towards all forms of life perceived by it as part of its bureaucracy.

 * Typically attempts to kill every lifeform that fits the abovementioned criteria, with the most common killing method being immobilization using its acid, often followed by bludgeoning, dismemberment, and/or consumption.

**Addendum 8813.1:** Containment Context

* **Item Discovery**

* **Hostile Third-Party Creation -- Intentional**

 * Originally developed in the late 1960s and early 1970s by the Infowarfare Cell of the Chaos InsurgencyAs per **RAISA GoI Identification Standards**, commonly refered to as GoI-002. as part of a project dedicated to the creation of an antroweaponAs per **Anomalous Weaponry Dictionary**, antroweapons are a standard designation for anomalous weapons designed to be used in place of troops on the battlefield. for use specifically against the Foundation, as outlined by Step Compilation SC-45/017-38/355.

 * It is currently believed that the forms of SCP-8813 and SCP-8813-β were a deliberate attempt at ridicule on the part of the Chaos Insurgency.

 * Discovered and researched through routine reports from Foundation double agents embedded within Chaos Insurgency ranks.

* **Pre-Containment Research**

* **Indirect Research -- Third-Party Documentation Analysis**

 * Starting from 1968, around one month after the development of SCP-8813 initially began, the progress of the project was being closely monitored in order to assess the scale of the potential threat posed by it.

 * Through extensive analysis of the Insurgency's testing logs, a supposed design flaw was discovered in SCP-8813: SCP-8813-β's bureaucratogenesis is not based on objective reality concerning a given bureaucratic system, but communication regarding it. It is unknown if this was intentional, or in fact an oversight made by Chaos Insurgency research teams.

 * SCP-8813 was being created under the assumption that the Special Containment Procedures system employed by the Foundation, which prioritized containment measures that are tailor-made for specific anomalies and largely decentralized,As per **Containment Committee Decision 1967/12/15**, under the Special Containment Procedures system facilities and departments with no history of significant containment breaches occuring for years were allowed to apply whatever containment measures deemed necessary without prior approval. would cause SCP-8813-β to enter a state of uncontrollable growth.

* **Containment Measure Development**

* **Specific Department Involvement -- Operation ANTIBABEL/8813**

 * Based on collected information, the Department of Miscommunications was quickly able to create **Operation ANTIBABEL/8813**, with the goal of creating a new standardized Foundation-wide system for containment measures, utilising cross-referencing with already established and successful procedures to devise the new Standardized Containment Procedures.

 * Additionally, SCP-8813's file was written in a way to maximize mentioning different standards and rulesets, both real and fictitious, to further facilitate the containment of SCP-8813.As per **RAISA SCP Description Standards**.^^,^^As per standard protocol of **Operation ANTIBABEL/8813**, fictional standards created for the purposes of SCP-8813's containment are considered to have the same weight as real standards.

* **Successful Containment**

* **Hostile Deployment -- Reactive Action**

 * Ultimately deployed on multiple Foundation sites in September 1974 through teleportation to selected strike points.

 * Biggest manifested instance of SCP-8813-β was a single pinky finger, containment successful and according to plan.

 * It is currently believed, that in addition to **Operation ANTIBABEL/8813**, the activation of standard automatic anti-incursion protocols of attacked Foundation facilitiesAs per **Foundation Architectural Standards**, Foundation facilities are required to follow strict procedures in case of a hostile attack. These procedures sometimes vary in reference to the function and purpose of a given facility, but most apply the same standard protocols. contributed to such a weak manifestation.

* **Closing Statements**

* **Final Remarks -- Current Situation**

 * Following the failure of the project, the Infowarfare Cell of the Chaos Insurgency was disbanded.

 * As per standard protocol of **Operation ANTIBABEL/8813**, despite being a standardized Foundation-wide system, it has so far been used for the containment of only one anomaly, SCP-8813.As per standard protocol of **Operation ANTIBABEL/8813**.

<< [SCP-8812](SCP-8812) | SCP-8813 | [SCP-8814](SCP-8814) >>

<details>
<summary>you may also like</summary>

**[SCP-2490](SCP-2490): Chaos Insurgency Special Operative Alpha-19** by 

*SCP-2490 refers to a modified human being, believed to be Chaos Insurgency Special Operative Alpha-19, that has stalked at least ██ Foundation employees since 19██.*

**[SCP-4856](SCP-4856): "Test Case One"** by 

*In all cases so far observed, SCP-4856 has been clad in a white lab coat affixed to its body at the elbows and shoulders, with the phrase "TEST CASE ONE" emblazoned on the back.*

**[SCP-5101](SCP-5101): Special Containment Procedures** by 

*Due to the lack of information on how SCP-5101 operates and the suspicious nature of its creation, it has been denied re-designation as Thaumiel and is instead currently being used to contain itself.*

</details>

> **Filename:** anchor.jpg

> **Author:** KNOW MALTA by Peter Grima

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:-i---i-_(4485667927).jpg Wikimedia Commons]

> **Notes:** Color adjusted by 

> **Filename:** filephoto.jpg

> **Author:** Robbie Sproule

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution 2.0 Generic

> **Source Link:** [*https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Fracture_1_(53526344784).jpg Wikimedia Commons]
