.top-middle-box > .from-name-box, .to-name-box, .cc-text-box{

color: #1EB5E8 ;

}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8853 is to be kept in a Standard Humanoid Containment Cell.

Personnel outside of the assigned Senior Researcher are forbidden from engaging in conversations with SCP-8853, unless absolutely necessary for the basic survival and safety needs of SCP-8853.

When engaged in conversation with SCP-8853, it is strictly forbidden to express a desire in vocal or written form, or otherwise make a wish, to SCP-8853.

SCP-8853-1 is to be kept in a Standard Secure Locker. SCP-8853 should not have access to it outside of testing.

If an item manifesting properties similar to those of SCP-8853 is discovered, it is to be stored in a Standard Secure Locker among others of its kind. Access to these items may only be granted with the approval of Level 4 or higher personnel or the assigned Senior Researcher. 

---

**Description:** SCP-8853 is a human female, going by the name of Nora Walsh. While wearing SCP-8853-1 and displaying an appropriately whimsical behaviour, SCP-8853 gains the ability to alter reality for the purpose of granting wishes made to it. 

SCP-8853-1 is a hand-crafted fairy costume, made out of a dark purple dress, ballet shoes, and wings, a circlet and wand, all made of plastic.

The limit of SCP-8853's reality-bending is unknown, and so is the amount of control it has on the way the "wishes" are granted. In-depth research of these elements is heavily discouraged.

Multiple inanimate objects and events displaying properties similar to those of SCP-8853 have been discovered. The nature of the relation between these items and events to SCP-8853 is not yet understood, and research is ongoing on the subject, and is to be detailed in the Discovery Log below.

---

**Discovery Log:**

**- May 2 1992**

Foundation researcher Dr. Rorceck reported an incident that occurred at a birthday party he was attending, submitting footage he recorded with a handheld camera.

The following is a transcript of the relevant portion of the recording:

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** May 2 1992

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**02:28:43:** *At least eight children (5-7) are gathered in the backyard around subject Nora Walsh (21), who is dressed in a fairy costume as a performer hired by the owners of the house. Subjects engage in singing. The camera focuses on Melanie Rorceck (5) at several points.*

**02:41:02** *Subject Tallulah O'Connor (6) approaches Nora Walsh as the singing subsides.*

**T:** Here I am missus wish fairy!

**N:** Hello birthday girl! Are you ready for your birthday wish?

**T:** Yes! Yes! Yes! I wish to become a superstar!

**02:41:11** *Several children are seen cheering as Nora Walsh performs a brief flourish.*

**N:** Your wish is granted--

**02:41:13** *Tallulah O'Connor appears to be glowing for a tenth of a second before a bright flash obfuscates the video feed. Audio is jumbled and unintelligible as the handheld camera presumably falls to the floor.*

**02:41:19** *Video feed appears to be obstructed. Sounds of falling debris, screaming and unclear yelling are heard uninterrupted for several minutes, until the audio feed abruptly stops.*

**02:47:34** *The camera is lifted from the ground, as its holder approaches the unmoving body of Melanie Rorceck, grievously burned. The camera is suddenly flipped, revealing subject Dr. Rorceck (52), father of Melanie, holding it, before the recording promptly ends.*

---

[END LOG]

Foundation agents quickly intervened, amnesticizing survivors, providing medical aid to Dr. Rorceck and Nora Walsh while taking the latter into custody. Local law enforcement was instructed to declare the incident the result of a gas leak. The confirmed casualties were [REDACTED] Redaction issued by Dir. ███ ██. .

---

**- May 3 1992**

Field agent Finn Quinn conducted the following interview with SCP-8853, under the pretense of a police interrogation.

> **Interviewed:** Nora Walsh

> 

> **Interviewer:** Agent Finn Quinn

> 

> **Foreword:** Interview was delayed by approximately two hours due to the subject's emotional distress after the incident, during which time she waited alone in the interview room until Agent Quinn entered.

> ~~-~~-

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Quinn:** Good morning Ms. Walsh.

>  

> (Walsh visibly tenses up)

>  

> **Quinn:** Hey hey, take a breather!

>  

> **Walsh:** I swear I didn't mean it, I didn't know it would-

> 

> **Quinn:** Please, take a deep breath, you are not in trouble.

> 

> **Walsh:** Are you sure?

> 

> **Quinn:** Absolutely, you can trust me. I just need to ask you a few questions.

> 

> [SECTION OF THE INTERVIEW DEDICATED TO PRELIMINARY INTRODUCTIONS OMITTED FOR BREVITY]

> 

> **Quinn:** Now, Nora, tell me about yesterday. Remember, you are not in trouble, we just need to figure out what happened. Just talk to me about how your day went.

> 

> **Walsh:** Of course, yes. A week ago I was contacted by, uhm, I was called about the entertainment services I've been advertising, and I accepted, so I spent the last few days preparing.

> 

> **Quinn:** How'd you do that?

>  

> **Walsh:** I uh. I bought the articles for the costume, the one--

> 

> (Five seconds of silence go by as Walsh stares at the floor.)

> 

> **Quinn:** Go on?

> 

> **Walsh:** That poxy fairy costume, you already know. I don't want to think about it, please.

>  

> **Quinn:** That's alright. Did you notice anything strange about it? Or about anything else going on before yesterday?

> 

> **Walsh:** No, I literally went on my usual routine. It was told, uh, I was told that she loved fairies, so I chose to play as one, that's it.

> 

> **Quinn:** Did you know you were going to be granting wishes?

> 

> **Walsh:** I mean, yeah, it was part of the rehearsals I did to prepare so, yes.

>  

> **Quinn:** Have you done it before? The wish-granting, I mean.

> 

> (Walsh is seen shaking her head with apparent confusion.)

> 

> **Quinn:** Do you know why that happened to Tallulah?

> 

> **Walsh:** Oh Jaysus, I don't know! I didn't do anything! I want a lawyer, please.

> 

>> **<End Log>**

> ~~-~~-

> *From what I've been able to ascertain, the lady doesn't seem to know what's happening either. I think this is a case of an unaware reality bender, or something similar. Dr. Rorceck really insisted on doing the interview himself, but I had to step in since he's still recovering. I will let Site-400 know so they can handle it, and him. - Agent Quinn*

Following the interview, Nora Walsh was given the SCP-8853 designation, and scheduled to be moved to Site-400 by May 10 1992. After making a full recovery, Dr. Rorceck requested to join the research team of SCP-8853, which was granted by Site-400 director Dr. ███ ██, despite initial concerns from other researchers in regards to Dr. Rorceck's personal involvement with the incident.

 

---

**- May 12 1992**

Dr. Rorceck proposed a series of simple experiments, in which D-0023 would be placed in a chamber with SCP-8853 and instructed to wish "for a sandwich", with variables introduced at every attempt. The results of these tests are detailed below.

| VARIABLES | RESULT |
| --- | --- |
| N/A | N/A |
| SCP-8853 is wearing SCP-8853-1. | N/A |
| SCP-8853 is wearing SCP-8853-1 and instructed to act as it did during the incident. | A ham sandwich appears on the floor. |
| Same as previous, but SCP-8853 is wearing a different fairy costume. | N/A |
| SCP-8853 acts as it did during the incident while not wearing any costume. | N/A |
| D-0023 and SCP-8853 switch roles, with the D-Class wearing SCP-8853-1 and acting. | N/A |
Following the experiment, Dr. Rorceck was allowed to conduct the following interview with SCP-8853.

> **<Begin  Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Good evening 8853.

> 

> **SCP-8853:** God. 

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** What's wrong?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** Nothing it's just, the number feels weird.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** You will get used to it. How do you feel after today?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** I'm scared. I was hoping all of this had just been a nightmare, but, I don't recognize myself anymore, I feel like I never knew what I really was...

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Don't worry, we already know a lot about you, and we will help you figure out the rest. How do you recall yourself feeling during our tests? While you were acting?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** Same as I ever have. Like...I'm trying to get in character and everything. Not like I'm doing some kind of Hollywood performance, just, very basic, I don't know what to say.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Understood. When thinking about your childhood, or your family, is there anything that reminds you of fairies, or magic?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** No? Why? Oh God, am I a real fairy? Is that what this is all about?

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck gives SCP-8853 a slight smile for a fraction of a second.)

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** You don't need to worry about that, 8853. Like I said: you may not recognize yourself anymore, but we can help you fix that, as long as you just follow through and leave all the thinking to us.

> 

> **SCP-8853:** I...Thank you, sir.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> ~~-~~-

> *The experiment strongly suggests SCP-8853 to be the source of its anomalous properties. The costume was suspected to be the source, but nothing occurred when the D-Class wore it. Further tests will be required to verify the details, but I recommend proceeding with this assumption in mind. - Dr. Rorceck*

Due to the progress made in research, and by seniority within the team, Dr. Rorceck was assigned as Lead Researcher for SCP-8853.

---

- **December 25 1993**

Several news outlets reported that the American fast food chain "McDonald's" suddenly switched ownership to four-year-old Lucas Batista. After verifying the claim's legitimacy, Foundation agents quickly intervened to undo it, explaining the incident to the general public as due to a clerical error.

The next day, an investigation was ordered on Lucas Batista and his family, residing in Salvador, Brazil. The following is Field Agent Isabella Lima's report on the matter:

*After interviewing Lucas Batista's parents and grandparents, I believe to have successfully reconstructed the situation that led to the incident.*

*Quinn Batista, Lucas' mother, had gifted her son a toy for Christmas, which she bought at a flea market when visiting her parents in Ireland this summer. It's a hideous lump of fabric, looks like some kind of ugly fairy, I will include a picture in my report.*

*According to Quinn, after Lucas opened his presents and went on to play with the toy, he pressed on its chest and it played a pre-recorded message, saying something along the lines of "Time for a wish! What's your wish?" while playing a garbled jingle..*

*After playing the sound a few times, Lucas said "I want Mcdonald's," and grew bored of the toy after not having his wish satisfied. Little did he know. Besides the little thing, I haven't found anything anomalous, so I confiscated it and issued the standard amnestics treatment. I will be waiting further instructions.*

- Agent Lima

Following attempts to trace the origin of the toy, later designated SCP-8853-A by Dr. Rorceck due to "suspicious similarities", it was determined to have been home-made and not mass-produced. The original creator of the toy has not  yet been identified. 

SCP-8853 is confronted by Dr. Rorceck on January 1 1994 about the incident and SCP-8853-A. The resulting interview is transcribed below:

> **<Begin  Log>**

>

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Hello 8853.

> 

> **SCP-8853:**  Good morning.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Have you been tinkering recently?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** What? No I haven't, I only have light novels in my room, I can't tinker with those.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** What about before we came across you? Before the incident? Do you remember being into building things?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** I suppose so. A lot of the props I uh, used for acts and stuff were homemade, if that's what you mean. The costumes too, usually. I wouldn't really consider it building or tinkering, it was all very crappy. I'm sorry I am just very tired, I can't sleep.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** That's alright. Was it anything like this?

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck produces a photograph of SCP-8853-A and places it on the table, facing SCP-8853, who stares at it before gingerly trying to take it. Dr. Rorceck lets her hold it.)

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** It looks like a prop you could've made, don't you think?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** I, I don't know. I honestly don't remember all of them, I wasn't exactly keeping track, I mean, it looks ugly enough for me to have made it. I just, I am really struggling to remember things, I guess you might be right.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** What materials would you use to craft them? From where would you get them?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** Just any store, really. It's mostly fabrics and yarn. 

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Did you ever sell them after you were done with them?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** I think I did. Or at least I think I would just give them to friends. I don't remember, I am so sorry.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> ~~-~~-

> *SCP-8853 failed to provide a confirmation, but I believe there to be a connection between the props and costumes it constructs and the anomaly's effects. Its properties only manifest when wearing SCP-8853-1, and I am positive a similar mechanism applies to this toy. Unfortunately, since I couldn't confirm if SCP-8853 truly made the object, we will need to conduct some specific experiments.   - Dr. Rorceck*

SCP-8853-A is placed in a Standard Secure Locker in Site-400 following this interview. A test involving SCP-8853's creation of similar objects is pending.

---

- **February 23 1994**

The Foundation is notified about an incident that occurred in Paris, France. According to several witnesses, a street performer, later identified as 34-year-old Hugo Fay, was run over by an unmanned Citroën Xantia during one of his acts.

One of the witnesses, 10-year-old Madeleine Garnier, declared: "He asked for a wish, and I said I wanted a new car for my dad, and suddenly someone squished him!"

Hugo Fay was unable to provide testimony due to fatal injuries, but he was confirmed to have been dressed in drag for his act, specifically wearing a fairy costume. A cover story involving an unidentified car thief's escape from police was disseminated.

The same day, Dr. Rorceck conducted the following interview with SCP-8853.

 

> **<Begin  Log>**

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Hello 8853.

> 

> **SCP-8853:**  Hello. Is this about those crafting tests we've been talking about?

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** No no no, forget about that. Does the name Hugo Fay sound familiar to you?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** Huh?

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** I am asking if you know, or knew, any man by the name of Hugo Fay.

> 

> **SCP-8853:** I'm sorry, I have never heard that name in my life.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** If you don't recall that name, maybe you recall this face?

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck places a handful of pictures of Hugo Fay on the table, including one taken during his last performance before the incident.)

> 

> **SCP-8853:** No, I don't recognize this person. Is this because he's in a fairy dress?

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck opens his mouth but doesn't respond, and simply glares at SCP-8853.)

> 

> **SCP-8853:** Do you think I am related to every bloody fairy-thing you come across? 

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck slams a fist on the table, causing SCP-8853 to freeze.)

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** I have good reason to suspect you, 8853. Did you forget that this all started because you burned children alive? Because I did not.

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck stands up and exits the room, ending the interview prematurely.)

> 

> **<End Log>**

> ~~-~~-

> *I apologize for my outburst in the interview. It won't happen again. Anyhow, this development was not foreseen, and it seriously impacted the future of our research, and we can't even obtain an interview. The incident in Dublin made world news, so I imagine there could be a cognitohazardous component to this, but it's not my area of expertise, I will request help from the Memetics Department.  - Dr. Rorceck*

Site-400 director Dr. ███ ██ later admonished Dr. Rorceck on account of "getting distracted by personal matters". Updates to SCP-8853's article are put on hold due to the lack of info regarding this development and the unavailability of the Memetics Department due to [DATA EXPUNGED] at the time of the incident.

---

- **March 10 1994**

After a Foundation raid on a Chaos Insurgency-controlled warehouse, one of the recovered items was reported to possess anomalous properties and was scheduled for review and designation. Upon being informed of the nature of the item, Dr. Rorceck requested access to it for studies relating to SCP-8853.

The item in question, henceforth referred to as SCP-8853-B, is a VHS tape containing storyboards for an unreleased animated kids' show, featuring a character named "Lotta Wishes", a crazed fairy that repeatedly addresses other characters as well as the viewer, begging to have them make wishes to her. Foundation Researchers believe that the cartoon was scrapped early in development due to the character being "obviously coded as a drug addict."

After viewing the footage, Dr. Rorceck conducted an experiment The idea for the experiment was first proposed by Researcher Rowan Broome. , instructing a D-Class to view the footage and interact with it.

A transcript of the experiment is included below:

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** March 15 1994

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*D-0012 is placed in a small testing chamber in front of a CRT television playing a copy of SCP-8853-B, which is paused at 00:05:34, on a scene featuring the main character interacting with Lotta Wishes.*

**D-0012:** [inaudible] whatever.

*D-0012 plays the footage, where Lotta Wishes is shown to be loudly yelling at the main character.*

**Lotta Wishes:** "What's wrong with you? Just make a wish already! I need you to! I don't get it, any normal person would've already wished for at least a hundred bucks!"

*D-0012 appears to be audibly chuckling at the show. Lotta Wishes then turns to the camera and approaches the screen to address the viewer.*

**Lotta Wishes:** "You! Just help me out here, make your wish!"

**D-0012:** I wish to get a hundred bucks. D-0012 did not follow Dr. Rorceck's instructions to wish for a sandwich. 

**Lotta Wishes:** "See? Not hard at all!"

*Lotta Wishes performs an exaggerated flourish with her wand, at which point a hundred male instances of cervus canadensis (elk) simultaneously appear within the testing chamber, instantly crushing D-0012 and the television, killing him alongside all hundred manifested specimen.*

---

[END LOG]

The next day, Dr. Rorceck conducted the following interview with SCP-8853.

> **<Begin  Log>**

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck enters the room, but doesn't speak. SCP-8853 does not look up from the table.)

> 

> **SCP-8853:**  Hello, doctor.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Yes, 8853, hello. I am here to ask you what you think about something.

> 

> **SCP-8853:** It's another fairy thing, isn't it?

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck sighs in apparent frustration.)

> 

> **SCP-8853:** I've been locked here for what? Years? I don't know what happens outside, I don't know what to tell you.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** 8853 I need--

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck stops talking, and seems to ponder. SCP-8853 looks up at him intently.)

> 

> **SCP-8853:** What? What do you need?

> 

> (Five seconds of silence. Dr. Rorceck seems to realize something, before clearing his throat and preparing pictures from SCP-8853-B.)

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** It doesn't matter. Have you ever seen any of this before?

> 

> **SCP-8853:** I have no idea what this is. What did it even do?

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck grunts in frustration and aggressively points at the pictures.)

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** It granted a wish to someone watching it.

> 

> (The two stare at each other for five seconds.)

> 

>  **SCP-8853:** I thought you were the ones who knew everything about me.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** I...8853, it's with your help that we can achieve that.

> 

> **SCP-8853:** Alright, then tell me what you want to hear from me. Do you want me to say I drew these things myself? That I did some weird spell on them? Do you think my shite is fairy dust?

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** That's enough.

> 

> (As Dr. Rorceck leaves the room, SCP-8853 intensely stares forward, seemingly lost in thought, then glances at the camera.)

> 

> **<End Log>**

> ~~-~~-

> *I almost made a wish to that thing. Twice. It seems plausible to me that SCP-8853 might be more complex than anticipated. Memetics is out of commission, but even I can tell something is wrong at this point. Regardless of how this all really works, SCP-8853 itself remains our most important lead, and I will continue to rely on it. - Dr. Rorceck*

Upon being informed of the incident, O5-3 ordered not to conduct any more tests using D-Class personnel with SCP-8853. 

---

**- April 2 1994**

After noting an increase in requests made by SCP-8853 for additional amenities, Dr. Rorceck conducted an impromptu interview to address "a series of concerns", transcribed below:

> **<Begin  Log>**

> 

> (When Dr. Rorceck enters the room, SCP-8853 is already looking at him with a smile on its face, which appears to surprise him.)

> 

> **SCP-8853:** Good evening!

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Yes, quite. Have you been enjoying reading all of a sudden? You have been asking for a new book nearly every day.

> 

> **SCP-8853:** Yes! Reading is very fun. You should do it more yourself, maybe you can actually figure out what's happening. Is that not what you want?

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck's mouth opens, but he coughs instead.)

> 

> **SCP-8853:** Bless you.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Can you just, nevermind. Nothing, it's nothing.

> 

> (SCP-8853 leans forward.)

> 

> **SCP-8853:** What is happening outside anyway? Surely you must know something, otherwise you wouldn't be asking me all of these silly questions.

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck stays quiet for three seconds, presumably thinking carefully.)

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** We have seen incidents like yours. There are a lot of, similarities.

> 

> **SCP-8853:** And you think I am behind them? I mean, you'd like to hear that, wouldn't you?

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** I am looking for, ahem. My interest, lies in the truth. If...if you have the truth you should say it.

> 

>  (SCP-8853 giggles. This seems to agitate Dr. Rorceck.)

> 

> **SCP-8853:** You really don't know a thing.

> 

> **<End Log>**

> ~~-~~-

> *I believe interviews are no longer effective for the research of SCP-8853. I don't know what to think anymore, but it is making fun of us. Fun of me, despite everything it caused. I won't let it have this. - Dr. Rorceck.*

---

**- December 8 1994**

Foundation agents at Site-77 reported unusual activities taking place in Viareggio, Italy.

A group of juvenile individuals known to be gathering at abandoned buildings at night was observed to have significantly increased in numbers, after one of the regular attendees was found lethally grafted to the corpse of a sperm whale on the town's shoreline.

The group was observed to be exclusively choosing a specific derelict estate for their gatherings, thus Site-77 sent undercover agent Antonio Ribaldi to investigate the situation. The following is a log of footage recorded by the agent's hidden body-cam, translated from Italian for convenience.

**Date & Time:** December 15 1994; 22:48

**Field Agent:** Antonio Ribaldi (undercover as "Lollo Pischelli")

**Subject:** Former family restaurant "Ciccia & Amore"

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Agent Ribaldi:** Good to see you in person pal!

**Attendee A:** I thought you were a girl! What happened? 

**Agent Ribaldi:** I never told you I was one! Are you high already?

*REMAINDER OF IRRELEVANT CONVERSATION OMITTED FOR BREVITY.*

*Agent Ribaldi and the attendee accompanying him arrive at the entrance of the dilapidated restaurant. The eroded wall and ruined insignia displaying the name "Ciccia & Amore" is barely distinguishable from the rest of the moss-covered surfaces.*

**Agent Ribaldi:** Sick place for a cesspool.

**Attendee A:** Shut up bro, come in.

**Agent Ribaldi:** Sheesh.

*The main dining hall of the restaurant has its ceiling caved in. Several tables have been upturned and fashioned into shelters. A pair of juveniles is engaging in intoxicated banter under one of them.*

**Agent Ribaldi:** Not a lot of partying tonight?

**Attendee A:** No one cares about the drugs and the dances anymore. They all show up for the godmother.

**Agent Ribaldi:** You didn't tell me about any godmother.

**Attendee A:** I needed to make sure you weren't a bastard cop. I don't want them to take her away.

*Agent Ribaldi stays silent as he follows the attendee into a side door. The peeled paint on the wall and barely surviving decorations suggest it led to a kids' area. The agent begins to speak but is immediately cut off.*

**Attendee A:** Quit it. Let Albe focus.

*The two enter a small chamber where plastic tables, chairs, and miniature furniture is piled on the walls to make room for dozens of attendees cramped in the small space. Agent Ribaldi quietly moves away from his guide and tries to position himself to get footage, but is yanked back.*

**Attendee B:** Yo, get in line you--

**Attendee C:** Shut up.

*The crowd settles down over the course of several seconds. Agent Ribaldi manages to get a good view of the scene: In a corner of the room rests an animatronic depicting an elderly woman wearing a discolored purple dress, ballet shoes and a floral hat, with small stylized wings on its back. Its conditions are poor and show significant damage. Crouched at its feet is a middle-aged, shirtless man with a toolbox, operating on the animatronic's exposed wiring.*

**Agent Ribaldi:** What's that guy doing?

**Attendee A:** Making her speak again.

*Several minutes pass, until suddenly the animatronic jolts to life, erratically moving its torso to the side and playing a very deteriorated musical jingle. The man is pulled back by a pair of attendees as several others in the "line" briefly fight as the animatronic speaks with recorded voicelines on repeat.*

**Animatronic:** Hello [unintelligible], little one, what wish will you make? [unintelligible] oh oh! Here watch it come true!

*The individual who had pulled Agent Ribaldi earlier, a disheveled young woman in her early twenties, steps forward. The individual waits for the animatronic to play its voiceline before speaking.*

**Attendee B:** I want to be healthy again. Original wording in Italian was "Voglio stare di nuovo bene", which can be literally interpreted to mean "I want to feel good again." 

**Animatronic:** [unintelligible] oh oh! Here, watch it come true!

*The female individual begins a coughing fit, before stopping and beginning to laugh before groaning in apparent pleasure, growing in intensity until collapsing, at which point a man steps over her.*

**Attendee D:** I wish to become a billionaire!

*After the animatronic speaks, the attendee instantly transforms into a decayed corpse and collapses on the ground Subsequent analysis of the remains determined its DNA to match that of John D. Rockefeller. . Due to the rapidly growing chaos amongst the eager crowd, this transformation is largely ignored as more people rush forward.*

**Attendee E:** I wish I weren't adopted.

*After the animatronic finishes speaking, the individual instantly disappears, and the position of the debris, furniture, and individuals inside the room changes significantly, some people being entirely missing and brand new ones appearing This is theorized to be the result of a Reality Restructuring Event that altered the past in order to grant the wish. . One of the displaced individuals stumbles in confusion and steps on the animatronic's exposed wiring, damaging it and shutting it off. Other attendees promptly lash out at them as Agent Ribaldi runs out of the building.*

[END LOG]

Immediately after the expedition, Agent Ribaldi correctly recognized the high risk of a CK-Class Restructuring Scenario, and alerted Site-77, which sent a Mobile Task Force to seize the anomaly and amnesticize witnesses the same night.

The MTF successfully concluded the mission and delivered the now-secured animatronic to Site-77 researchers, who identified similarities to SCP-8853. 

Due to the very apparent threat to the Veil and normalcy as a whole, as well as the severe lack of understanding behind it, the O5 Council declared research of SCP-8853 to be of utmost priority.

As a result of this event, as well as a previous formal investigation on the research of SCP-8853 by the Ethics Committee, Site-400 director sent the following email to Dr. Rorceck, dated December 16 1994.

Dr. Rorceck,

I am sure you have been made aware of recent events by now. Truth to be told, at this point I feel like we didn't need to receive an order from up high to come to this conclusion, but here we are. I regret to say this as much as you would, I am sure, but your work on SCP-8853 has not been up to the standards required by an anomaly of its recently determined scale.

I will be completely honest here, Tavish. I saw the tears in your eyes that day. I knew how much it must've hurt to see your little one go in such an unexpected fashion. I also knew how much our job meant to you, so much so that I was willing to trust your ability to continue your work unimpeded by personal feelings. But I was wrong. In the end, you created an unsustainable conflict of interest that I shouldn't have allowed to grow in the first place.

That being said, I am sure you will understand my position here. This whole thing turned out to be way bigger than we thought it was years ago, and I can't keep ignoring my duties to let you chase a false vendetta. Consider this your 24-hour notice before reassignment. Make the most of it for whoever will replace you, so that they can actually figure out what's going on here. Best of luck.

---

**- December 17 1994**

At 06:29, a containment breach was reported at Site-400. SCP-8853 is found to be missing from its chamber.

This occurred two and a half hours before Dr. Rorceck's scheduled interview, and thus he resorted to interrogating security guard Davis Aran, who was on duty at the time of the disappearance and reported the breach. The following is a transcript of the interview.

> **<Begin  Log>**

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck and security guard Davis Aran enter the chamber used for prior interviews with SCP-8853. Two armed security guards are escorting them, and remain stationed at the door. Mr. Aran is not armed. Dr. Rorceck is visibly agitated and remains standing as Mr. Aran sits at the table apprehensively.)

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Explain yourself.

> 

> **Mr. Aran:** I told you, I was checking the cells and all of a sudden she wasn't there anymore, so I reported it immediately--

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck pounds on the table with his fist.)

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** Tell me everything that happened before that. Every single detail.

> 

> (The security guards look at one another. Mr. Aran waits a moment, then speaks nervously.)

> 

> **Mr. Aran:** I apologize sir. Well, it started shortly after my shift. When I first looked in the cell I saw the dinner was mostly discarded, and she had gotten her shirt all smeared in sauce. I got startled at first, it looked like blood. Anyways, after that, I saw her tearing a book apart, and her pants were off.

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** What was it tearing the book for?

> 

>  **Mr. Aran:** I think she was doing some sort of collage, like paper wings. I thought she was just being crazy.

> 

>  (Dr. Rorceck stutters, then sighs as Mr. Aran continues.)

> 

> **Mr. Aran:** By the end of the night she was making a lot more noise, so I knocked on her door and told her to settle down, but she ignored me. I tried again later and she complained to me.

> 

>  **Dr. Rorceck:** What did she say?

> 

> **Mr. Aran:** I think she said "What do you want from me?" I read her file before, so I didn't entertain the conversation for long, and just told her "I'd like you to stop being a bother," and walked off. She stopped making noise at that point so I--

> 

> **Dr. Rorceck:** You fucking imbecile.

> 

> (Dr. Rorceck rushes out of the room, slamming the door.)

> 

> **<End Log>**

---

**- January 2 1995**

Newly assigned Lead Researcher Rowan Broome finalizes a new version of SCP-8853's file after identifying the anomaly's true mechanisms. A Foundation-wide effort is commenced to locate SCP-8853-1 instance Nora Walsh, by order of the O5-Council. As of September 3 2025, she remains missing. 

<details>
<summary>LEVEL 4 CLEARANCE REQUIRED TO ACCESS NEW FILE </summary>

]

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** It is strictly forbidden to vocalize, write, or otherwise articulate a wish, desire, or want in a comprehensible manner while in the presence of an animate, sentient or otherwise, depiction of SCP-8853, also referred to as SCP-8853-1. Such depictions are to be seized immediately if discovered.

Once in Foundation custody, inanimate SCP-8853-1 instances are to be kept in Standard Secure Lockers or incinerated, and human instances are to be deprived of any outfit, accessory, or physical feature that caused them to depict SCP-8853, as well as any knowledge of SCP-8853 and its physical appearance and behaviour by any means necessary, including the use of amnestics. Former instances may only be released to the public after extensive psychological evaluation substantially proves the success of these procedures.

Due to its spread in popular culture, long-term containment of SCP-8853 is currently only partially possible through alterations of its cultural image Broome-class anomalies are easily accessible concepts, and thus require the creation of collective false memories to be meaningfully contained.  into a non-anomalous version, so as to not trigger the original's anomalous properties.

Mobile Task Forces Gamma-5 (“Red Herrings”), Rho-1 (“The Professors”), ~~Upsilon-23 (“Art Critics”),~~ After the undesirable termination of PoI Butch Hartman in 1998, Upsilon-23 has been reassigned.  Chi-9 (“Page Turners”), as well as several individual Researchers, Web-crawlers and Agents are to disseminate altered information regarding SCP-8853's character and suppress its original anomalous version, using amnestics on civilian witnesses if necessary. These efforts are to continue until SCP-8853 completely disappears from culture and is successfully replaced by non-anomalous counterparts. At which point, any and all involved personnel are to be administered amnestics.

---

**Description:** SCP-8853 is a fictional character, known across popular culture with names such as "Fairy Godmother", "Mama Fey" and "The Wish Fairy". The character is depicted as a female-presenting human with small insectile wings of circular shape on the back, wearing a tiara or circlet, a medieval dress and ballet shoes, and holding a thin wand in its hand. The color magenta Exact shade and color values are inconsistent, varying from pinks to reds.  must be present on the outfit. Its personality is playful, nurturing and optimistic. The character has the power to grant any wish a person makes to it.

If the character is correctly portrayed, including all of the above traits, by an actor, henceforth referred to as SCP-8853-1, it too will be able to grant wishes that are expressed to it, as if they were SCP-8853 itself.

SCP-8853-1 instances are not limited to human actors, as SCP-8853 seems to manifest through non-sentient, inanimate objects such as toys or animatronic performers, as well as interactive media forms like children's TV shows or coloring books. It's currently theorized that as long as there is a form of interaction that results in a wish being made, SCP-8853 will manifest. This means that making a wish to an inert illustration of SCP-8853 will not produce any effect, while an illustration of SCP-8853 with a speech bubble that prompts the reader to write down their wish, for example, will become a SCP-8853-1 instance.

There is no known limit to the wish-granting capabilities SCP-8853 manifests. Documented events range from harmless materializations of mundane objects such as food and furniture, to instantaneous alterations to reality at large, potentially causing a CK-Class Restructuring Scenario.

The control SCP-8853-1 instances have on this power is theorized to depend on their intent when granting a wish. If a human SCP-8853-1 instance knowingly grants a wish with a specific outcome in mind, said outcome will likely occur with some degree of accuracy. If the wish is granted without any conscious input, which is often the case in instances caused by unaware civilians, the result will largely come from an often-literal interpretation of the wording of the wish.

Since sufficient understanding of SCP-8853 was first achieved, there have been ██ documented granted wishes. It is currently unknown whether or not SCP-8853 has always had anomalous properties ever since its first appearance in culture.

</details>

---

<< [SCP-8852](SCP-8852) | SCP-8853 | [SCP-8854](SCP-8854) >>

> **Filename:** nora_walsh.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8853)

> **Filename:** doll.png

> **Name:** Retacitos16.JPG

> **Author:** Ana Karen Allende

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Retacitos16.JPG)

> **Filename:** toon.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8853)

> **Filename:** robot.png

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

This image is a composite of:

> **Name:** Laffing Sal.jpg

> **Author:** Schmiteye

> **License:** public domain

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Laffing_Sal.jpg)

> **Filename:** wish_fairy.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8853)
