=====

=====

:root {

    --top-layer-height-offset: -0.85rem;

}

div#header-extra-div-1 {

    height: 12.75em;

    width: 100%;

    top: .5em;

    left: 0;

    position: absolute;

    background: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/theme:paperstack/lgtrans.png);

    background-size: contain;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-position: calc(var(--sp_area-comp-margin) + 2.25rem) 50%;

    z-index: -1;

    pointer-events: none;

}

#side-bar {

    background-color: var(--paper-background-color);

    box-shadow: 0 0 .5rem var(--paper-shadow-color);

}

@media (max-width: 720px) {

    div#header-extra-div-1 { background-position: center; }

}

.header-container-ex {

    padding-top: 0;

}

##grey|**ITEM #:**##

**8055**

##grey|**CONTAINMENT CLASS:**##

**EUCLID**

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8055 are to be kept at Site-929 indefinitely. Living branches of SCP-8055 must be attended at all times by a minimum of 15 personnel with training in childcare. Surgical chambers at Site-929 are to be cleaned once daily at minimum regardless of use. 

Absolutely no persons related to a living branch of SCP-8055 may be permitted within a 12 mile radius of Site-929. 

 

**Description:** SCP-8055 refers to the spontaneous manifestation and integration@@*/*/+@@

@@////# @@

@@ ▓▓eturn = (@@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

# ERROR:

### The data you are trying to access has been lost.

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

> 

> {{]dir=null}}

> 

> 

> = @@////scrt++- ▒▒▒▒@@	

> 

> = @@////scrt~~--=▓▓│╢▓▓▓ost-op▓▓▓sfully harve▓▓▓▓  ╢▓▓ert+!y76p?@@ [!~~ Note for translators: The complete phrases here  are “post-operative” and “successfully harvested”. “dir” is short for “directory” and the earlier “eturn” is “return”. The rest of the glitched text is intended to be indecipherable. --]

> ~~-~~-

> @@ @@

> = **[ Beg++n Log ]**

> @@ @@

> **SCP-8055-26:** Are you my doctor?

> 

> **BRADSON:** Yes, I am. How do you feel?

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Tired. My head hurts a lot.

> 

> **BRADSON:** That's to be expected.

> 

> **[ 20 second pause ]**

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Did you make me better?

> 

> **BRADSON:**  There was much that had to be removed in many different places, but yes, the operation was a success. 

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Does that mean I'm going to live?

> 

> **BRADSON:** Naturally.

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** I can't feel my left hand. I think the straps are too tight.

> 

> **BRADSON:** Sorry about that. They have to be tight. It's for your safety.

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** But I can't feel my arm. I can't feel it at all.

> 

> **BRADSON:** I just looked at it while you were sleeping. It's fine.

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Can I see it?

> 

> **BRADSON:** If we take the bandages off too soon, it won't heal properly.

> 

> **[ 16 second pause ]**

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Did you make my mom leave?

> 

> **BRADSON:** What do you mean?

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** She told me she would stay and hold my hand until the surgery was over. 

> 

> **BRADSON:** Did she? I'm sorry. Your mother had to leave the room so I could operate on you. 

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Can you bring her back, please?

> 

> **BRADSON:** What is her name?

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Agnes. Doctor, my head really, really hurts. 

> 

> **BRADSON:** As I said, there was a lot to remove, but we'll give you more medicine soon to make you all better. What's your address?

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Two three two one five west Washington street. 

> 

> **BRADSON:** What town and state? 

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** This one.

> 

> **BRADSON:** We had to move you to a different hospital while you were asleep. What town and state are you from?

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Ada, Oklahoma. Now can you let my mom in?

> 

> **BRADSON:** Not yet. I still need to ask you some questions. What is your name?

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** You should know that if you're my doctor.

> 

> **BRADSON:** I'm sorry, I misspoke. I meant to ask—

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** [ *Yelling* ] Mom! Are you there? 

> 

> **BRADSON:** I need you to stay calm. Your mother will be right back. I meant to ask what your mother's name is.

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** I already told you. It's Agnes. 

> 

> **BRADSON:** Yes, but I need her full name.

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Why don't you know that? Why are you asking me?

> 

> **BRADSON:** I need to make sure your memory hasn't been affected by the surgery. Do you remember your name? 

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Eddy Darrow. 

> 

> **BRADSON:** What year is it now? 

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Nineteen oh three. I didn't forget anything. How many more questions are there?

> 

> **BRADSON:** I'll ask as many questions as I need to, Eddy. Just be patient. 

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Where's my mom? Why won't you let me see my mom?

> 

> **BRADSON:** Try not to get upset. Your mother will be back soon.

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Stop saying that! 

> 

> **BRADSON:** Eddy, I need to you to answer my questions.

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** I'm really scared and I want my mom. You didn't put me back together right. I can feel it. I was fine before, and now my head really hurts and I can't see good. I want my mom. She was supposed to hold my hand but I can't feel my hand anymore. Please let me see my mom. I think I'm going to heaven.

> 

> **BRADSON:** You're perfectly fine. The surgery was a complete success. There's no reason to be afraid. 

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** I don't want to go to heaven yet. Just let me see my mom first.

> 

> **BRADSON:** Why do you think you're going to heaven, Eddy?

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Because it hurts, and I think I can see Jesus.

> 

> **BRADSON:** Really? Where do you see him? What does he look like?

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** He's right next to you. He looks like in the pictures, but there's too much of him. He keeps talking but his mouth isn't moving. Oh! 

> 

> **BRADSON:** Tell me what Jesus is saying.

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** I don't want to listen! I'm scared. I'm really, really scared.

> 

> **BRADSON:** Tell me what he's saying, Eddy, and I'll let you see your mother.

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** He says you drilled holes in my arm until it fell apart. He says you keep cutting me into pieces and making me forget. He says you're not going to stop. Please, please, let me see my mom. My head hurts so bad. I don't want to be here anymore.

> 

> **BRADSON:** Hey. It's okay, Eddy. You're going to see her real soon, I promise. 

> 

> **[ 48 second pause ]**

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** Jesus wants to tell you something.

> 

> **BRADSON:** What's that, Eddy? 

> 

> **SCP-8055-26:** He says people are going to know someday.

> 

> **BRADSON:** I doubt that very much, Eddy. Now why don't we get you back to sleep? You've got another big operation ahead of you.

> 

> @@ @@

> = **[ End Log ]**

> 

> @@ @@

<< [SCP-8054](SCP-8054) | SCP-8055 | [SCP-8056](SCP-8056) >>

> **Filename:** Our little men and women; modern methods of character building; (1912) (14781868315).jpg

> **Author:** Russell, Thomas Herbert, 1862-1947; Everett, Marshall, 1863-1939

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Our_little_men_and_women;_modern_methods_of_character_building;_(1912)_(14781868315).jpg)
