**Item #**: SCP-8267

**Object Class**: Safe

**Special Containment Procedures**: Area-85 is to remain under continuous surveillance until demolition is authorized. A maritime restriction zone has been established around the facility to prevent access by submarines or submersibles. 

**Description**: SCP-8267 refers to a collection of ampoules containing an anomalous compound The effects of SCP-8267 are not yet fully understood and are awaiting testing. recovered from Area-85. A recently established underwater logistics facility located near the coast of Sierra Leone.  Preliminary analysis suggests SCP-8267 is responsible for the events leading to the facility's collapse.

Further information was recovered during a post-incident investigation. (See Incident Report).

**Incident Report**: On June 23rd, 2007, Area-85 immediately ceased all communication with the Foundation. While communication blackouts were not unusual for Area-85 due to frequent seismic activity in the region, a complete communication failure lasting over 12 hours was deemed abnormal and triggered the deployment of MTF Gamma-6 (“Deep Feeders”) to the facility to investigate.

Upon arrival, operatives found the facility structurally intact but completely without power. To gain entry, operatives were forced to use underwater cutting torches to breach the main access hatch. Once inside, the team encountered pitch darkness and widespread internal flooding. 

**Section-A** (Personnel Quarters): 

Following standard search protocol, the unit proceeded to inspect personnel quarters. In one of the rooms, previously assigned to Dr. Fowl, operatives recovered multiple diver's slates resting on the ceiling. The following were inscribed: 

> "*Symptoms: My skin is beginning to harden and spread. My teeth are feeling tight, and when I told the medic, he said I had mild scoliosis. I don't know what to do. Even he doesn't know and he's just as sick as I am.  I think I might lay down for a while. I'll keep updating.*"

Second slate titled "Dr. Li:" 

> *"Symptoms: His limbs are starting to atrophy, and he is experiencing high paranoia. Every time I try to help, his skin would sweat ink from his pores. He's bed ridden and no matter how many times we tell the administration, they say help is coming but it hasn't happened. We're stuck down here."*

Third Slate:

> "*Today, I tested the tap water with a pH strip and it gave me a 10. They're poisoning us. That's why the administrators are perfectly fine and we're down here suffering. But there's a solution. I just need time. God help us.*"

Upon removing a loose ceiling panel, one operative recovered multiple components relating to improvised explosive devices. Items included 

* A ziplock bag containing a mixed crystalline compound, later revealed to be ammonium nitrate.

* a detonator assembly

* several metal casings resembling pipe bomb shells

* ammo boxes for 22. caliber.

**Section-B** (Cafeteria): 

Entering the Section-B, operatives encountered and terminated multiple instances of SCP-8267-A (see details below.) A large breach was discovered in the northern bulkhead window, providing direct exposure to the surrounding ocean. Scorch marks and outward-bent rebar suggest the damage was caused by an internal detonation rather than external water pressure. 

| Specimen | Description | Encounter |
| --- | --- | --- |
| SCP-8267-A | 12 malformed human corpses, taking the appearance of a *Idiacanthus atlanticus* (black dragonfish) | Although no signs of aggression were observed, operatives reported witnessing SCP-8267-A instances actively moving prior to termination. Movements were described as disoriented, with subjects struggling to swim, often convulsing or engaging in repetitive circular patterns. Postmortem analysis of some of the terminated instances revealed extensive trauma, including missing multiple limbs. Their skin and remaining clothes they were wearing appear damaged and blackened from thermal burns. Fragments of metal shrapnel were also found embedded within their tissues. |
@@@@

**Section-C** (Generator Room):

When entering Section-C, operatives found the primary generators to be completely destroyed, showing clear signs of explosive damage. While the backup generators appeared to remain unharmed, they were rendered nonfunctional due to extensive water exposure. During this, another variant of SCP-8267 was encountered within the damaged chamber. (See details below).

| Specimen | Description | Encounter |
| --- | --- | --- |
| SCP-8267-B | This variant exhibits morphology similar to *Sepia officinalis* (cuttlefish) | Upon visual contact with operatives, the entity exhibited avoidant behavior, retreating  further into the maintenance room before releasing a dense cloud of dark-red ink as a defensive mechanism. Shortly after, it ceased movement and expired. Autopsy reports confirm the cause of death was due to massive blood loss. |
**Section-D** (Administration, Upper-Level):

The last sector of Area-85, the Administration office, was found comparable to the other sections. During the sweep, operatives found 6 mutilated human remains later identified as members of the administration staff along with a vial of SCP-8267 recovered on Chief Larson's person. Shortly thereafter, operatives encountered another variant of SCP-8267. (See details below).

| Specimen | Description | Encounter |
| --- | --- | --- |
| SCP-8267-C | This variant exhibits morphology similar to *Synanceia verrucosa* (reef stonefish) | When Agent Ales was searching within the perimeter of the administrative wing, he was ambushed by SCP-8267-C camouflaged under debris. SCP-8267-C was quickly neutralized with Agent Ales sustaining no physical injuries, but his protective gear was compromised, requiring immediate extraction. |
Postmortem examination of SCP-8267-C revealed human tissue and multiple .22 caliber bullets, as well as a diver’s slate  within the intestines. The message inscribed on the slate has been partially corrected for legibility. It reads:

> "*It is dark, but I will go by feel. They were drugging our water supply, so in return, I killed every single one of them. Who knows what else they've used it with that's been coming in and out of this hell. (**illegible**) I can hear the water rising. I'm sorry for everything. But I had no choice."*

Area-85 was re-entered for the recovery of additional vials of SCP-8267 and has been secured for research. 

Following the incident, production and distribution operations associated with Area-85 were immediately suspended due to suspicions of large-scale tampering within Foundation supply chains. 

Area-85 has been decommissioned and approved for demolition.

<< [SCP-8266](SCP-8266) | SCP-8267 | [SCP-8268](SCP-8268) >>
