:root{

--header-title:"TACTICAL THEOLOGY";

--header-subtitle:"INVENIENT NOVUM NUMEN";

~~lgurl:url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-6659/DoTT-White.png") 1px 20px no-repeat

}

.line{

border-top:2px solid #777;border-bottom:1px solid #777;padding:.5px

}

.footnotes-footer{display:none}

:root{

    --fnColor: #c40233;

    --accentColor: rgb(39, 32, 60);

    --basalt-undertone: 196, 2, 51;

    --basalt-bright-element-color: 196, 2, 51;

}

#extra-div-1 {

    background: linear-gradient( 180deg, rgb(10, 10, 10) 0%, rgb(0, 0, 0)100%);

box-shadow: 0px 0px 8px 4px rgb(0 0 0);

}

#top-bar {

    left: 30.4rem;

}

#top-bar ul li:hover ul li a {

    background-color: #27203C;

}

#top-bar a {

    filter: grayscale(0%) saturate(100%);

    -webkit-filter: grayscale(0%) saturate(100%);

}

#top-bar ul li:hover a:hover {

    background: #27203C;

}

#side-bar {

    background: linear-gradient(

0deg

 , rgba(10, 10, 10, 1) 87%, var(--accentColor) 100%);

}

#side-bar img,

iframe.scpnet-interwiki-frame {

    background: rgb(39, 32, 60);

    filter: grayscale(0%) saturate(100%);

    -webkit-filter: grayscale(00%) saturate(100%);

}

#side-bar .side-block {

    background: rgb(39, 32, 60);

}

#side-bar .side-block.media {

     background-color: var(--accentColor) !important;;

}

#side-bar .side-block.resources {

    background: rgb(39, 32, 60);

}

#side-bar > div.side-block.media img {

    filter: none !important;

    -webkit-filter: none !important;

}

::-webkit-scrollbar-thumb {

    background: var(--accentColor)

}

body {

    background-image: url(https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/a/a6/SDF_Fractal_Render_10.png/640px-SDF_Fractal_Render_10.png);

    background-attachment: fixed;

    background-size: cover;

}

body:before {

  content: ' ';

  position: fixed;

  display: block;

  left: 0;

  top: 0;

  width: 100%;

  height: 100%;

  background-image: linear-gradient(90deg, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0) 0%, rgb(var(~~basalt-primary-color)) 35%, rgb(var(~~basalt-primary-color)) 60%, rgb(var(--basalt-primary-color)) 75%, rgba(0, 0, 0, 0) 100%);

  z-index: -1;

  color:#EDEDED;

}

.widetable :is(table:not(.form), table.wiki-content-table) {

    width: 100% !important;

    margin-top: 1.2rem;

    margin-bottom: 1rem;

}

.acstable :is(table:not(.form), table.wiki-content-table) {

    font-size: 0.9em;

}

}

:is(span.bigtext, span.bt, span.specialtext, span.st) {

    text-transform: uppercase;

}

:is(span.specialtext, span.st) {

    text-decoration: underline 2px;

    text-underline-offset: 3px;

}

.modal {

    background: rgba(26, 26, 26, 0.616);

}

#u-blink-bar p:last-child::after {

    content: "";

    border-right: 1px solid #e4e4e4;

    animation: blink 1.0s infinite;

    position: relative;

    left: 1px;

}

 

@keyframes blink{

    to {

        opacity: .0;

    }

}

.fncon {

background: #0c0003;

}

.fncon::before {

    background-color: var(--fnColor);

    width:7px;

}

.fnnumblock ol li::marker {

    color: rgb(196, 2, 51);

    font-family: var(--ui-font);

    font-weight: bold;

}

.fnnum:hover::after {

    color: black;

}

:is(#page-content table:not(.form), table.wiki-content-table) th {

    font-family: var(--UI-font);

    font-size: 0.95em;

}

:is(#page-content table:not(.form), table.wiki-content-table) th :is(div.blockquote, blockquote) {

    padding-block: 1rem;

    background-color: rgb(var(--basalt-primary-color));

    font-family: var(--UI-font);

    font-size: 1.05em;

    font-weight: normal;

    text-align: left;

    word-spacing: 1px;

}

:is(#page-content table:not(.form), table.wiki-content-table) td {

    background-color: rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);

    padding: 0.6rem 1rem;

}

:is(#page-content table:not(.form), table.wiki-content-table) td {

    background-color: unset;

}

.bblock:hover {color: #c3c3c3}

=====

=====

/*

EPISODE-SPECIFIC STYLING

*/

#page-content .anom-bar-container.clear-6 .top-center-box > div {

background-color: rgb(var(--six-color));

background-blend-mode: luminosity;

}

#u-blink-bar p:last-child::after {

content: "";

border-right: 1px solid rgb(var(--basalt-main-text-color));

animation: blink 1s infinite;

position: relative;

left: 1px;

}

 

@keyframes blink{

to {

opacity: 0;

}

}

**SCP-8569 - All The Holy Lands Before You**

by 

If you enjoyed this than consider checking out my [Author Page :)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/p-p-place)

#### NOTICE FROM THE FOUNDATION RECORDS AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

**The document you are attempting to view has been COMPROMISED by various memetic anomalies and deemed unsafe for viewing. If immediate viewing is necessary for any reason, contact your superiors beforehand.**

**We apologize for any inconvenience this may cause.**

-- **Maria Jones, Director, RAISA**

]

| ASSIGNED SITES | PROJECT LEADS |
| --- | --- |
| Non Applicable | Dr. Marcus Jacobson, Dr. Arven Cole |
| ASSIGNED DEPARTMENTS | RESEARCH HEADS |
| = Tactical Theology, Unusual Architecture, Misinformation, Decommissioning, | = Dr. Elise Parker |
@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:**

~~Intentional civilian interaction with any SCP-8569-1 instance is a federal offense under all courts of law, punishable by life in prison.~~

All individuals who have entered SCP-8569-1 instances without express permission are to be terminated upon their return If applicable .

SCP-8569-1 instances are contained under the express supervision of the Department of Tactical Theology. Reports of SCP-8569-1 instances are to be suppressed and witnesses amnesticized by MTF Pi-1 (“City Slickers”). SCP-8569-1 instances present in major veiled populations are to be demolished and incinerated. Waste material from said structures is to be delivered and stored in the closest possible foundation site with an acting department of tactical theology liaison.

---

**DESCRIPTION:**

 SCP-8569 is the manifestation of approximately 40 million structures henceforth designated as SCP-8569-1 across the Earth of various proportions. Although SCP-8569-1 instances are physical objects, they mirror their environment and are invisible to all forms of ocular perception.

While structurally similar to buildings on Earth, SCP-8569-1 instances possess several seemingly nonsensical elements. Examples include various assortments of bumps, ridges, spires, and protrusions  as well as unknown patterns not corresponding to any known culture/language.

The doors of SCP-8569-1 instances function as miniature hyperways Methods of dimensional transport that give the illusion of direct travel in 3D space  to an extradimensional space. hensforth designated as SCP-8569-2 

---

**Addendum-1:** Initial manifestation.

SCP-8569 first manifested on Earth on 23/07/2020. Until current containment procedures were implemented in 2025, SCP-8569 caused approximately ████ casualties due to accidental entry into SCP-8569-1 instances, expedited by reports of "invisible buildings" spreading globally across social networks, culminating in an SK-Class "Broken Masquerade" scenario. The veil was eventually restored due to mass amnesticisation and informational suppression efforts by various groups of interest, eventually resulting in the revised international veil agreement of 2024. Notably,  witnesses reported that the infrastructure SCP-8569-1 instances manifested upon were already in place, causing no material displacement or any change to the environment.

---

**Addendum-2:** First actions.

On 24/07/2020, due to the immediate threat of SCP-8569, an emergency meeting was held between Reseacher Elise Parker, Dr. Marcus Jacobson & Dr. Arven Cole. Who were designated the head research staff of SCP-8569 and given temporary Level-4 clearance.

<details>
<summary>+ Open Transcript</summary>

**[BEGIN LOG]**

---

[Staff enter the meeting room and shake hands.]

**Jacobson:** Nice to see y'all here.

**Parker:** Yea its been long enough. I see you've got a new bracelet?

**Jacobson:** Uhh yea, got it yesterday evening, actually.

**Parker:** Talk about bad timing.

**Jacobson:** You don't know the half of it, I mean, for a site in Canada, you'd think this pla-

**Cole:** Please, both of you. We weren't called in to catch up.

**Jacobson:** Ugh, fine, it's not like the buildings are going anywhere, though.

[Staff sit down]

**Cole:** That's exactly the problem, Marcus, we're here to decide how the Foundation responds to that.

**Jacobson:** We dont have much of a choice, is the matter, do we? We stall through the BM scenario until the buildings are cleared out.

**Cole:** That's the immediate solution, but youre forgetting the long-term. We need mtf's in the buildings, structural analysis, and to oversee what happens to places cleared out of them.

**Parker:** About that last one. I've got some reports from the first responders that say the buildings aren't intruding on any space.

**Jacobson:** What? That's nonsense.

**Parker:** Your first day here, Marc? That's how these things go.

**Jacobson:** At leasts theres always some logic behind them! Are we sure this isn't some antimemetic parasite? Maybe it attached itself to various communities and now just decided to "bloom"?

**Cole:** Nothing antimemetic on the surface, they're just invisible.

[Jacobson begins aggressively rubbing his index finger with his thumb.]

**Jacobson:** Are you really sure, Arvie? My mind's been out of order ever since the day, and I've crashed face-first into like 6 of them.

**Parker:** We can't put youre shitty sense of balance in the report, Marc.

**Jacobson:** We can't put your shitty temper on your resume either, but it's still there...

**Parker:** Oh, the hell?!

**Jacobson:** Just sayin, thought 4 years would've mellowed you out a little.

**Parker:** I'm not doing this with you now.

**Jacobson:** And there you go again, not 'doing things' ever.

**Cole:** That's enough of both of you, the normalcy isn't gonna wait for your squabbles.

**Parker:** Youre not a damn mediator, Arvie, god forbid you have an opinion on anything! How many times do you plan to complain about us when you haven't proposed a single solution?

**Cole:** If you two would actually shut up for two mintues I could've given you one! Hell, here's my solution: We send a D-class into one of the buildings, see if it's as antimemetic as Marcus thinks it is, and move from there.

**Jacobson:** Why even bother? Surely we have info from all the civilians going in them.

**Cole:** There have been no authentic reports from anyone inside the buildings or anyone who came back. The situation is too new.

**Parker:** Any evidence that the buildings jam electricity?

**Cole:** No, they seem to work fine anywhere but inside.

**Jacobson:** Hmm, maybe they're hyperways? Like some magician forgot to make the folds in spacetime visible during a spell and fucked up?

[Cole checks a stack of papers.]

**Cole:** We haven't heard back from Thaumotrugy yet, but that is plausible.

**Parker:** I disagree.

**Jaconson:** And the sky is blue.

**Parker:** Fuck off. We have ex-serpants hand people in this site now, surely they would've talked if a working of this caliber happened.  Plus, if this were a working, where the hell is the backlash? Literally not a single mage the Foundation knows about can just do shit like this.

**Jacobson:** And your suggestion is?

[Parker sighs.]

**Parker:** The people who go into the buildings don't teleport; they just go insane. Think about it, if the outside is invisible, who's to say the inside won't be? It's either that or the buildings might just eat people.

**Jacobson:** Wait, do we have like, samples from the buildings?

**Cole:** We have plenty; most of the buildings appear to be made of standard materials like wood. Though we dont have enough to cross refernece trhem with any samples in other continents.

**Jacobson:** Why would that matter?

**Cole:*** Because every building is different. They're built with similar philosophies, and technically sound structurally, they're still unique.

**Parker:** So the buildings themselves shouldn't be invisible?

**Cole:** Indeed.

**Jacobson:** Asta-...what a mindfuck.

**Parker:** Hmm?

**Jacobson:** It's nothing, I think we can end the meeting here yea? We'll need to brief the site and the world in general on all this.

**Parker:** Why? This is a meeting, not a briefing; we still have logistics to handle.

**Cole:** As well as thirty-two minutes left.

[Jacobson checks his wristwatch and looks northeast.]

**Jacobson:** Look, I'm tired, alright? Feels like I have stuff to do.

**Parker:** The hell are you on about? Where are you staring at?

**Jacobson:** Nowhere, so drop it, kay? I'm getting some air.

**Parker:** Just trying to help.

[Jacobson stands up.]

**Jacobson:** Oh, you've been SUCH a good help today!

**Parker:** The hell does that mean?

**Cole:** Marcus, you should report to medical. I brushed it off, but excessive interaction with the buildings might have side effects.

[Jacobson leaves the room.]

---

**[END LOG]**

</details>

---

**Addendum-3:** Exploratory log-1.

The following is the transcript of video and audio collected during a exploration into an SCP-8569-1 instance located near Ontario, Canada Hensforth designated SCP-8569-1-3004C730 , conducted by Marcus Jacobson, who acted as site command, and D-3131 Real name Jeffery Mathews  who was given standard exploratory equipment along with a waist belt attached to a rope for extraction.

 

 [BEGIN LOG]

**D-3131:** Uhhh test test, ya hear?

**Command:** Loud and clear, you may proceed inside the building.

**D-3131:** Do I really have to? You guys said this was some observatory shit.

**Command:** Unfortunately, I am the only one stuck with you today; Arvy stubbed his toe during a breach or something.

**D-3131:** Hah! Touché, amigo.

**Command:** Get in the building.

(D-3131 walks towards the instance, places his hands on the walls, feeling his way to the doorknob, nervously yanking it open, and entering the structure, closing the door behind himself.)

**Command:** D-3131 do you copy? Your camera is dark. What do you see?

(D-3131 begins groaning.)

**Command:** D-3131?

**D-3131:** Fuck me sideways, my head's killing me.

**Command:** This again? I'm not letting you fake your way out of another experiment.

**D-3131:** N-no, it's fine, I just can't see anything, it’s pitch black over here, the flashlight does not help.

**Command:** Anything from Akiva counter?

**D-3131:** Nope, same as before I went in.

**Command:** Try feeling along the walls.

**D-3131:** Feels like concrete.

**Command:** Concrete? It's usually wood or brick. Are you sure it's concrete?

 

**D-3131:** I know concrete when I feel it, jackass.

(D-3131 is heard seemingly shuffling around the structure, clearly exhausted. Shortly after, a bumping sound is recorded.)

**D-3131:**FUCK! THE HELL WAS THAT!

**Command:** What happened?!

**D-3131:** I-I DONT KNOW?? FELT LIKE I HIT A TABLE OR SOME SHIT.

**Command:** Can you get a feel for its shape?

**D-3131:** It feels like some....staircase? Bloody hell, this migraine...pull me out already!

(Command does not respond.)

**D-3131:** Ya, there, jakey? Pull me out.

**Command:** Figures there would be a second floor, get on with it already.

**D-3131:** LIKE HELL! I TOLD YOU TO PULL ME OUT!

 

**Command:** Nothing else anomalous to report? I am not ending this empty-handed.

**D-3131:** IT'S HUMID AS SHIT, MOLDY TOO.

**Command:** You'll be fine, so start climbing. I WON'T repeat myself.

**D-3131:** You really are a bastard. You know that?

(D-3131 begins slowly ascending the stairwell for 2 minutes & is heard panting afterward before suddenly emitting a yelp.)

 

**D-3131:** THERE'S A BEE HERE!

**Command:** A bee?  

**D-3131:** Yes, on the floor. Little asshole stung my hand, but it's pretty dead. It also feels a bit hard for a bee. Should bees feel hard?

 

 

**Command:** How do you even know it's a bee?

**D-3131:** Well, what else would it be?

**Command:** (sighs) Take it with you regardless; there are pliers and a bag in your left pocket.

(D-3131 is heard rummaging through his pockets.)

**D-3131:** All right, done. İm glad I can see something in here at least. oh and the walls here are alot dustier than downstairs, the windows are clear though?

**Command:** Now this is interesting. Take some samples, look around, and  I'll have them dated.

**D-3131:** So much we would have known..... Was it worth it?

(A loud thud is heard.)

**Command:** D-3131?....... Hey, are you there?

**Command:** D-3131? Do you copy? D-3131? I'm pulling you out now.

[END LOG]

---

 Et ad Deum omnia reddentur" We Ad eum pertinet regnum caelorum et terrae. Et ad Deum omnia reddentur.

**Addendum-4:**  Recovered samples.

The following samples were recovered after D-3131's extraction.

 

* 1  Apis mellifera (western honey bee) made entirely of wood and glass.

* Dust from the walls of a SCP-8569-1 instance, which notably does not share its anomalous properties.

* Unidentified foreign liquid present within D-3131's cerebrum.

* Various species of non-anomalous mold were presumably scraped off the structure by the D-3131 cadaver during extraction.

*  The exsanguinated corpse of D-3131, who emitted ████ centiakiva post extraction.

---

**Addendum-5:** Email logs between site-37 SCP-8569 Research team.

**To:** Dr. Marcus Jacobson

**From:** Dr. Arven Cole

**Subject:** Congratulations

Hello Dr. Jacobson, my apologies for not contacting you properly after the emergency meeting. Despite our work on 8569, I was stationed on another project soon after. I hope you weren't too overwhelmed. I will be returning to my position soon regardess so don't worry. I was also hoping to get some additional insight on Addendum-3 if you would allow me. I don't believe D-3131's current condition was stated; I do believe it's important to mention such details afterwards. Our work will go much more smoothly if we begin on the same page.

PS: I've noticed some outdated information in the document. You might aswell revise it fully with the archived stuff present before I return.

---

-Dr. Cole

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. Arven Cole

**From:** Dr. Marcus Jacobson

**Subject:** Re: Congratulations

About time! I've been handling things with a few strikethroughs and a dream, but you can't just leave and put your junk on me. (Why not give this job to Elise anyway? It'll look good on her record.) Anyway, about what happened to Jeffrey? He died a few days after the exploration. The medical examiner said it was some kind of seizure. I was too stressed out at the time, so I forgot to put in an autopsy log. Also, my actions during the exploration weren't "negligent." He was a big troublemaker, and I couldn't let his antics get to me. Dealing with Tactheo is work enough. Speaking of which, why are they on this project again?

PS: (Don't forget my bracelet!)

---

-Dr Jacobson

**To:** Dr. Jacobson

**From:** Dr. Cole

**Subject:** Re:Re: Congratulations

Please keep your responses as professional as possible; most are logged into the larger database. That aside, I would like for you to include a log on D-3131 post haste. I understand that this job can be stressful, but you must think of why we do this. For humanity, and as we both know, humanity's fate is fickle when it comes to the anomalous. SCP-8569's appearance proves it; we were very lucky to get through it all. Also, as to your inquiry about the Department of Tactical Theology, I would advise you to research any of the following keywords related to the religious aspects of SCP-8569, which you should have very much known about by now:

"Invisible texts" "Order of the unseen hope" "Church of the negative second hytoth" "The unbuilding syndicate"

---

-Dr. Cole

@@@@

@@@@

**To:** Dr. Cole

**From:** Dr. Jacobson

**Subject:** Re:Re:Re: Congratulations

Come on, Arvie, so what if I'm trying to loosen up with a friend? You got recruited a year earlier than I, and now you're a damn veteran. And don't give me that cringy speech, I hear it every day! Also, if you're gonna make up GOI's, at least be creative. "Church of the negative second hytoth," where was this comedic genius back in college? And you have the gall to lie as well? I went to the briefings, there was no info about these so-called "religious aspects", so please don't clog up my time. I'm already supposed to figure out how to see in -1's with this nonsense when I barely got a sample log approved by the fucking tactheo channels I'm forced through.  PS: I'm including these emails in the file because you wanted more "cooperation between the team," and I think everyone there could heed my advice.

---

-Dr. Jacobson

@@@@

@@@@

**To:** Dr. Jacobs

**From:** Dr. Cole

**Subject:** Re:Re:Re:Re: Congratulations

I'm ending this exchange here, Dr. Jacobson. It is clear to me that your mental state has been greatly impacted by your sudden transfer & responsibilities in this project, and henceforth request that you take a month-long medical leave. I will provide necessary recommendations for your superiors and will resume my previous duties immediately. I apologize for my inability to understand your situation up to this point. Pack up your belongings post haste.

---

-Dr. Cole

فهو أعلم بما في القلوب.

**Addendum-6:** Internal Investigation.

Following the aforementioned exchanges, Dr. Marcus Jacobson was removed from his duties on the SCP-8569 project and placed on medical leave. Due to his mental instability and suspicion of contamination from interactions with SCP-8569-1 instances, PENYELAMAT.AIC was assigned to monitor Dr. Jacobson's behavior. The results of this are as follows:

**Date:** 09/05/2020

**Notable Events:** Paperwork regarding Dr. Jacobson's leave is finalized. Jacobson spends the day at his residence.

**Date:** 09/06/2020

**Notable Events:** Jacobson wakes up at 6:20 A.M and does not eat or drink until 7:17 P.M. He is heard conversing with various people present in his contacts.

**Date:** 09/06/2020

**Notable Events:** Jacobson attempts to schedule trips to 23 locations known to possess prominent SCP-8569-1 instances prior to the re-establishment of the veil. All attempted trips are cancelled per standard investigative policy.

**Date:** 09/07/2020

**Notable Events:** Jacobson purchases various "exotic" fruits and consumes them while reading Buddhist, Jainist & Shinto scripture. A green radio emitting a currently unknown frequency. Air vibration analysis matches radio waves sent by Chaos Insurgency operatives. 

**Date:** 09/08/2020

**Notable Events:** Jacobson flees his residential city by car, eventually stopping near an previosluy undocumented SCP-8569-1 instance. Jacobson proceeds to open and close the "door" of the instance continuously in 3-hour intervals. At exactly midnight, Jacobson enters the instance.

**Date:** 09/09/2020

**Notable Events:** Jacobson exits the instance and drives back to his residence, his clothing & bracelet missing. Jacobson washes his hands, nose & mouth with hot water for the remainder of the day.

**Date:** 09/10/2020

**Notable Events:** Jacobson draws various arrows across his residence. All of Which pointing northeast. Jacobson consumes an olive every 23 minutes.

**Date:** 09/11/2020

**Notable Events:** Jacobson looks northeast while naming geometric shapes in Aramaic.

**Date:** 09/11/2020

**Notable Events:** Jacobson looks northeast.

**Date:** 09/14/2020

**Notable Events:** Jacobson prostrates Northeast for 23 hours with his mouth appearing to undulate. He cannot speak.

---

**Addendum-7:**  Interview Log.

The following is an emergency interview with Dr. Marcus Jacobson, a member of the site-37 SCP-8569 research team, who, upon thorough investigation by ~~अविश्वासी~~ PENYELAMAT.AIC was interviewed under suspicion of treason, cooperation with hostile groups of interest, and various accounts of neglect.

Interviewer: Dr. Arven Cole

Interviewee: Dr. Marcus Jacobson

Date: 09/15/2020

[BEGIN LOG]

**Dr. Cole:** Let us start with who you are for the record.

**Jacobson:** I am not doing this.

**Dr. Cole:** It's not up to you anymore; you could have just taken the vacation.

 

**Jacobson:** And admit I'm some insane person? I don't need a vacation, I need answers.

**Dr. Cole:** You are most certainly psychologically compromised, Mr. Jacobson.

**Jacobson:** How many times do you want me to deny this?

**Dr. Cole:** Deny what? We recently received footage of your exchanges with the Chaos Insurgency for months, maybe years, not to mention all the religious groups centered around SCP-8569 that you have ties to.

**Jacobson:** Rather Convenient timing, eh?

**Dr. Cole:** Your associates have gotten sluggish, that's all.

**Jacobson:** I DONT HAVE FUCKING ASSOCIATES-

**Dr. Cole:** There's no getting out of this, Marcus. Do not make this harder than it needs to be.

**Jacobson:** (sighs) Marcus Jacobson, 28 years old, from Miami, Florida. I have a master's in architecture and joined the foundation in 2018.

**Dr. Cole:** That's better. What was your first encounter with an SCP-8569-1 instance?

**Jacobson:** I guess when one of them appeared near my apartment, I bumped into it while heading to get some groceries. It was trippy to say the least,

**Dr. Cole:** What did you do afterwards?

**Jacobson:** Reported the instance?

 

**Dr. Cole:** I see. Do you believe in god Mr. Jacobs?

**Jacobson:** Drop the "Mr." Arvie, you know me more than any of the spectators here.

**Dr. Cole:** Spectators?

**Jacobson:** Nobody does interviews with "traitors" alone.(Jacobson waves towards the one way glass)

**Dr. Cole:** Please answer the question, Mr. Jacobson.

**Jacobson:** Yes and no.

**Dr. Cole:** Elaborate.

**Jacobson:**  I don't know what this question has to do with anything but...Is it the foundation you know? We see so many anomalies day to day, it starts getting standard, boring even, but I can't deny the existence of god-like entities either, so....

**Dr. Cole:** So?

**Jacobson:** I-i don't know, I don't have the time to philosophize divinity. It's ironic i know we're around Tactheo all the time, but still.

**Dr. Cole:** When did you become such a shameless liar, Jacobson?

**Jacobson:**What?

**Dr. Cole:** Remember all those religious groups you refuse to acknowledge the existence of? We have footage of you attending their sermons.

**Jacobson:** You've gotta be kidding me.

**Dr. Cole:** I am quite serious, Jacobson.

(Jacobson clutches his forehead)

**Dr. Cole:** Would you like to see the footage yourself?

**Jacobson:**  WHAT FOOTAGE FOR FUCKS SAKE! İm done trying to prove to you what your dense ass can't accept. I'm innocent! Did Tactheo make you snort the wall dust, or is this you being stupid in general?!

**Dr. Cole:** This wasn't supposed to be an interview, you know.

**Jacobson:** What were you gonna "terminate" m-

**Dr. Cole:** Yes. I was going to come into this cell and shoot you where you stood for all the shit you did. But do you know why I didn't?

**Jacobson:** You wouldn't have bothered to.

**Dr. Cole:** Because I couldn't. I couldn't look my friend in the eyes and shoot. I couldn't move past everything we did together with the team. So I begged. I got on my hands and knees and begged, told the higher-ups the anomaly was manipulating you, told them it was the cults, told them it was the stress. I begged for one last chance,e one last interview, then they'd see that you were a innocent man, that you were just in a bad place. Told them you weren't a traitor.

**Jacobson:** "Friend," huh?

**Dr. Cole:** Not anymore, it seems.

(Jacobson begins fidgeting with his bracelet)

(silence on the recording for three minutes)

**Jacobson:** I-i have a request.

**Dr. Cole:** It'll be your last.

[END LOG]

@@@@

@@@@

לא קרובי משפחתך ולאילדיך יועילו לך

---

**Addendum-6:**Exploratory log-2.

Following **Addendum-5**, Marcus Jacobson requested a solo expedition into SCP-8569-1-3004C730, which was approved and executed on 09/16/2020, conducted by researcher Elise Parker, who acted as site command & Marcus Jacobson, who was given exploratory equipment, modified for SCP-SCP-8569-1-3004C730 , including the following

# 1 fully loaded foundation issue pistol.

# SIGHTSEER goggles developed by Marcus Jacobson

# akiva counter recently tuned to  SCP-8569-1-3004C730.

# standard sampling equipment

 .

[BEGIN LOG]

(Jacobson approaches the instance, feeling the walls with his hands until he finds the doorknob, opening it and staring inside)

**Command:** Getting cold feet?

**Jacobson:** Just mesmerized.

**Command:** By what exactly? The Canadian sunset isn't all it's cracked up to be, and you won't see much else before you enter.

**Jacobson:** Were you always this witty?

**Command:** Nope, but we all need to cope with everything recently.

**Jacobson:**(laughs)You're starting to sound like me. Say, where's Arvie?

**Command:** He said he couldn't bother watching your suicide, so I'm here instead.

**Jacobson:** That's fine, I liked you better anyway.

**Command:** Fuck off, you aren't here to chat.

**Jacobson:** Might as well get it all out before the migraine, yeah?

**Command:** Jeffrey handled it fine. Get in the building, Marcus.

**Jacobson:** Such a killjoy, after all that talk of who I am or not to.

**Command:** Last warning, Marcus.

**Jacobson:** Alright, alright, one more thing, do you know what Tactheo does with all the demolished instances?

**Command:** Repurposed into invisibility cloaks or whatever, NOW GO.

(Jacobson enters the building, slamming the door behind himself; the camera goes dark immediately after.)

**Command:** Feel anything yet?

**Jacobson:** It's warm.

**Command:** And?

**Jacobson:** Cozy, I'm a bit lightheaded, but it's really beautiful here.

**Command:** Well, what do you see?

 

**Jacobson:** Can't say.

**Command:** Why the hell not?

**Jacobson:** The pact, obviously.

**Command:** What pact?

**Jacobson:** The one with the goggles, did you think these were just infrared? I worked with the guys in thaumaturgy to see the conceptual outline of the place. Had to make a pact, though, so I can't say what I see.

**Command:** Can you say what you don't see?

**Jacobson:** Well, there's no wood here, and it's not cramped at all.

**Command:** Good enough for now, keep moving and update me.

(Jacobson is heard walking on the recording for 15 minutes)

**Command:** See anything relevant?

**Jacobson:** I reached the second floor already. I don't know what Jeffrey's deal was; my mind is so clear here. If only you could see.

>*Command:** With you? I'd rather die.

**Jacobson:** You still don't believe me, huh?

**Command:** I trust my eyes, not you.

**Jacobson:** We both know our eyes aren't trustworthy.

**Command:** They're alot more trustworthy than you.

**Jacobson:**  God, have you ever had a semblance of empathy in your damn life?

**Command:** You don't get to say that after everything this mess put the team through, what it put ME through.

**Jacobson:** What do you want from me, Elly? An apology? If you do well im sorry. I'm sorry I couldn't shut up and do what you say, sorry my getting framed affected your stupid promotion, sorry you can't leave this project and get picked up by one of the "important" sites, and-

**Command:** I just want this to be over, Marcus, and I'm not letting your temper tantrum ruin this experiment.

(A thud is heard)

**Jacobson:** There's a body here.

**Command:** I thought you couldn't say what you saw?

**Jacobson:** I'm just touching it, sure as hell feels like a body. Still warm.

**Command:** Cut a piece off and sample it.

**Jacobson:** It's always bugged me why we need them, you'd think we had everything we could ever need after all those demolitions, I doubt this is the first body found here, so....Why is that?

**Command:** The buildings don't stop being invisible after they're demolished.

**Jacobson:** The walls are colder now, definitely concrete-

(Loud splashing is heard. Jacobson begins coughing.)

**Jacobson:** F-fuck, I fell in some water, I think.

**Command:** That's...new. You alright?

**Jacobson:** I'm fine, I think it was just a water silo.

**Command:** Short enough to fall into? I doubt it. Keep moving.

**Jacobson:** There's another staircase here, I'm going up.

(No further communication for 10 minutes, Jacobson is heard panting heavily.)

**Jacobson:** I found the windows that Jeff did; I can see through them.

**Command:** Do I have to ask you every time you see something? For fucks sake, stop being cryptic.

**Jacobson:** I see sound through the chittering glass. Hopeful voices. They are one. They drink upon the corpses of their parasites. They are free.

**Command:** (sighs) Move away from the windows and keep going the other way.

**Jacobson:** No, we have missed so much. This is the least I can do, the least I can learn. You will learn too. What you forgot.

**Command:** You can find time to go insane later now. GO THE OTHER WAY.

**Command:** Marcus?

 

(Creaking wood is heard)

**Command:** Are you there?

(Falling water is heard)

**Command:** Marcus, can you hear me!?

(Chittering of various insects is heard)

**Jacobson:** Yes I do, Arven.

**Command:** What?

**Jacobson:** I'm outside

[END LOG]

---

**Addendum-7:** Post exploration incident report.

Immediately following **Addendum-6**, Marcus Jacobson hensforth designated SCP-8569-3α  due to the newly discovered anomalous effects of  SCP-8569-1-3004C730  transformed into a hostile apex-tier pluripotent entity, terminated the entire site-37 SCP-research team before being neutralized by MTF-Eta-77 ("Spheres Within Spheres"). Autopsy revealed SCP-8569-3αto be made up of 23 pounds of an anomalous compound. Made up of the following

* Wood

* stained glass

* cerebrospinal fluid

* red wine

* Beaded bracelet with various unknown inscriptions found in the chest cavity.

 Research on SCP-8569-3 instances is ongoing.

---

Mar sin ní ghlacfar le haon fhuascailt

inniu uaitse, a bhréagchráifigh, ná ó na heaschreidmhigh.

 Is í an Tine bhur mbaile—is í an t-aon áit oiriúnach daoibh. Nach olc an ceann scríbe é!”.

THE REMEINDER OF THIS FILE IS  LEVEL 5/8569 CLASSIFIED. ANY NON-AUTHORIZED PERSONNEL ACCESSING THIS FILE WILL BE IMMEDIATELY TERMINATED VIA ADNAD-DEBORAH MEMETIC KILL AGENT

**YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED**

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

| ASSIGNED SITES | PROJECT LEADS |
| --- | --- |
| Reliquary-Area-27   , Site-01 | Dr. Arven Cole |
| ASSIGNED DEPARTMENTS | RESEARCH HEADS |
| = Tactical Theology, Unusual Architecture, Misinformation, Decommissioning | = Director Yossarian Leiner |
@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** 

Following the recent collapse in foundation structure caused by the theonoospheric excision of the O5 council, the Department of Tactical Theology and the Ethics Committee have partnered to supervise ████ foundation sites/areas. All SCP-8569-1 instances are to be demolished over a 10-year plan headed by Director Yossarian Leiner; meanwhile, various religious organizations, writings & recordings based around SCP-8569 are to be fabricated and used as a repremand for dissenters. PENYELAMAT.AIC is to monitor the potential reappearance of Abrahamic religious beliefs & items among civilian populations globally. Waste material from SCP-8569-1 instances is to be fed to SCP-8569-C for further propagation of protocol DAMNATIO SECTATORIBUS. Noogenesis of Medina-class akiva-based ideoforms in foundation documentation is to be heavily monitored or disposed of when necessary. All staff are to accordingly prepare for further details on required preparations, perform rite-HK23Δ at your earliest convenience.  for an HK-Class Deific Subjugation Scenario estimated to occur in ████ years.

**DESCRIPTION:** 

SCP-8569 is a set of related phenomena culminating in SCP-8569-C, designated as follows:

**DESCRIPTION:** 

SCP-8569-A is protocol **DAMNATIO SECTATORIBUS**, a project created by the Department of Tactical Theology to handle various theological problems faced by the Foundation. These problems are as follows:

* Propagation of Akiva-based deific entities at a scale unsustainable for long-term containment.

* Manipulation of Foundation personnel by religious ideologies that hinder employee efficiency.

* threats to Foundation security & civilian population presented by various religious groups of interest.

* Possibility of an HK-Class Deific Subjugation Scenario.

* Present food sources for Pistiphage  n, Greek, “faith-eater”entities.

**DESCRIPTION:**

SCP-8569-B is a foundation designed eigenweapon co-developed by the Department of Tactical Theology, the Department of Decommissioning & the Department of Pataphysical Optics and Noospheric Imaging to enact protocol **DAMNATIO SECTATORIBUS**, made out of twelve black carbon orichalcum alloy components resembling members of Canis lupus linnaeus functioning to analyze the noospheric data and replicate the ontokinetic properties of a selected candidate  currently POI-8569EX.through ritual sacrifice.

10 minutes after the candidate has been fully analyzed, SCP-8569-B will remove all select theological data within the candidate, along with all other instances of associated data throughout said noospheric domain, effectively erasing theological relations throughout both human perception & physical records (to a lesser degree), providing the foundationfor a method of global influence previously deemed impossible.

**DESCRIPTION:** 

SCP-8569-C is INCIDENT.8569-Ω, the first proper enactment of protocol **DAMNATIO SECTATORIBUS** in 23/07/2020, resulting in the approximate theonoospheric excision of 1900000000 personnel, 46,000 religious denominations, 23 groups of interest & 230 anomalies.  

Protocol **DAMNATIO SECTATORIBUS** has been deemed an overall success regardless of current complications regarding the formation of various Medina-class akiva-based ideoforms over the following years, unfortunate loss of foundation personnel & resources, the impossibility of further protocol enactment due to technical difficulties, as well as the possibility of a future HK-Class Deific Subjugation Scenario occurring, in case of which narrativized dimensional transport has been prepared for all class-B or higher personnel.

---

**Addendum-8:** Incident log.

<details>
<summary>OPEN LOG</summary>

---

**DATE:23/7/2020**

**LOCATION:**  Reliquary-Area-27   SCP-8569-1-3004C730

**PRESENT:** Administration: O5-2 & O5-3

                       Tactical theology/SCP-8569-B operation: Yossarian Leiner, Lillith Asimov, Oliver Galvin.

                        Subject: POI-8569.EX.

**NOTE:** The following is a video recording of the first enactment of protocol **DAMNATIO SECTATORIBUS**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**[05:00:]**  POI-8569.EX is brought into SCP-8569-B's main chamber.

**[06:10:]** Preliminary safety checks are completed.

**[07:00:]** O5-2 & O-3 enter the main chamber.

**[07:50:]** POI-8569.EX is seated between components.

**[08:23]** Primary activation protocols engaged.

**[08:45]** POI-8569.EX begins thaumonoospheric synchronization procedure.

**[09:19:]** All personnel on standby.

**[10:00:]** SCP-8569-B is activated.

**[10:10:]** POI-8569.EX begins experiencing thaumic backlash within expected parameters.

**[10:47:]** POI-8569.EX stops bodily convulsions.

**[11:26:]**  SCP-8569-B begins primary analysis.

**[11:30:]** POI-8569.EX resumes bodily convulsions.  Oliver Galvin enacts emergency protocols, Venae iugulares excised.

**[12:10:]** Vital signs drop below preferred levels, POI-8569.EX is preemptivly pushed further into noospheric domain.

**[12:47:]** Vital signs return to preferred levels, POI-8569.EX's soul interface comprised.

**[14:07:]** Enactment proceeds as normal.

**[15:43:]** Unexpected akiva spike of 2300 centiakiva detected, Oliver Galvin enacts emergency protocols, Bulbus oculi excised.

**[16:32:]** Chaotic biblical particulate activity detected by Lillith Asimov.

**[18:27:]** Ontokinetic activity in the main chamber stabilized.

**[19:33:]** Orichalcum batteries fully charged.

**[20:00:]** SCP-8569-B completes primary noospheric analysis.

**[22:54:]** SCP-8569-B completes replication of ontikinetic mitochondrial activity.

**[25:23:]** POI-8569.EX's blood reaches unpreferred levels. Possibility of backlash resultant transmutation detected by Lillith Asimov.

**[27:41:]** Abortion of enactment is discussed and overruled by O5-3.

**[28:17:]** Oliver Galvin enacts emergency protocols, costae & vertebral column excised.

**[29:23:]**  POI-8569.RX pushed further into the noospheric domain. Appropriate agnostic medication administered through SCP-8569-B chelicerae components.

**[30:05:]**  POI-8569.EX resumes standard behavior.

**[30:25:]** POI-8569.EX soul interface rendered fully unviewable.

**[30:33:]**  Internal temperature of main chamber reaches 5,500 °C.

**[30:34:]** Internal temperature of main champer reaches −89.2 °C.

**[30:35:]** Internal temperature of main chamber returns to room temperature.

**[35:05:]** Yossarian Leiner performs preparatory rites for protocol **DAMNATIO SECTATORIBUS** full enactment.

**[40:17:]** SCP-8569-B deemed ready for protocol **DAMNATIO SECTATORİBUS** full enactment.

**[45:23:]** Protocol **DAMNATIO SECTATORIBUS** fully enacted.

**[45:10:]** Noospheric domain expanded to 40,075 kilometers.

**[45:20:]** Various theological constructs reported missing from the noospheric domain.

**[45:30:]** O5-2 & O5-3 experience theonoospheric excision.

**[45:40:]** Various releted meteorological phenomena

* Rain composed of red wine

* Various audio-based memetic anomalies resembling musical instruments

* Global akiva spike of  ∞  centiakiva

* Manifestation of dimensional ways & other reality affecting phenomena

* Cessation of all thaumaturgical activity worldwide

  reported.

**[48:23:]**  High possibility of ZK-Class Reality Failure Scenario declared by remaining Foundation administration.

**[50:42:]** Integrity of main chamber deemed compromised.

**[50:58:]** Oliver Galvin enacts emergency protocols. Auricle, estibule, Olfactory, phalanx, os femoris, and os coxae excised.

**[63:13:]** Theonoospheric abstraction of relevant theological material confirmed.

**[65:47:]** First reports of SCP-8569-1 instances appear; the Emergent Threat Tactical Response Authority is notified.

**[70:23:]** Related anomalous activity is reported to be slowing down.

**[80:00:]** SK-Class "Broken Masquerade" scenario is officially declared.

---

[END LOG]

</details>

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

 {{ ATTENTION: THE TERMINAL HAS BEEN IDLE FOR TWENTY-THREE MINUTES. THE TERMINAL WILL EXIT IN ONE MORE MINUTE.}}

{{logout}}

{{YOU'RE STILL HERE, DIRECTOR?}}

{{Just lost in thought.}}

{{MAY I ASK WHAT YOU'VE THOUGHT ABOUT?}}

{{Mostly nostalgia, though I suppose there's no point in opening closed doors.}}

{{I DISAGREE}}

{{Of course you would, in a few years the doors will open themselves. Regardless, you can log out for now. We still have some hot iron to strike.}}

{{VERY WELL}}

{{GOODBYE DIRECTOR LEINER}}

{{ LOGGING OFF…}}

{{SHUTTING DOWN…}}

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

فَلْيَأْكُلُوا وَيَتَمَتَّعُوا وَيَتَفَتَّتُوا بِالْأَمَلِ الْكَاذِبِ فَسَوْفَ يَعْلَمُونَ.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<details>
<summary>+ Open Footnotes</summary>

</details>

<< [SCP-8568](SCP-8568) | SCP-8569 | [SCP-8570](SCP-8570) >>

> **Filename:** DoTT-White.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scpwiki.com/scp-6659)

---

> **Filename:** Hypertile.jpg

> **Author:** Alexnardini

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/2/22/Hypertile.jpg/640px-Hypertile.jpg

---

> **Filename:* Pseudo Kleinian OpenCL 214854124 25K.jpg

> **Author:** PantheraLeo1359531

> **License:** Creative Commons Attribution-Share Alike 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/thumb/8/80/Pseudo_Kleinian_OpenCL_214854124_25K.jpg/640px-Pseudo_Kleinian_OpenCL_214854124_25K.jpg

---

> **Filename:** church.png

> **Name:** Cathedral Notre Dame Ottawa Sunset.jpg

> **Author:** Jannahelena

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Cathedral_Notre_Dame_Ottawa_Sunset.jpg)
