@@@@

# **##black|BY ORDER OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL##**

The following database entry is **Level 5/8134** Classified. Any attempt to access this file without proper authorization will result in immediate termination.

### **8134**

@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-8134

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Secondary Class:** YesodYesod-class anomalies have been integrated into the Foundation's command structure.

**Special Containment Procedures:** Although permanent containment of SCP-8134 is theoretically possible, it is not to be attempted due to the anomaly’s long-term beneficial effects on Foundation operations. Knowledge of SCP-8134's existence is restricted exclusively to the Overseer Council and senior members of the Ethics Committee. Disclosure to any other Foundation personnel is permitted only on a need-to-know basis.

All personnel with Level 3 clearance or higher are to be monitored for signs of acute stress, burnout, or suicidal ideation. Standard psychological support and, when necessary, amnestic treatment are to be provided to at-risk individuals per Ethics Committee mandate, except for those selected for inclusion in the Sisyphus Program.

If a staff member within SCP-8134’s effect range commits suicide, or an SCP-8134-1 instance manifests in the presence of other individuals, particularly Foundation employees, all witnesses are to be administered Class-A amnestics. All physical and digital evidence of the incident must be located and destroyed to prevent unauthorized awareness of SCP-8134-1 instances.

SCP-8134-1 instances are to be transferred to and contained within Area-281, where they will be assigned suitable administrative or clerical duties under Overseer supervision. Uncooperative SCP-8134-1 instances are to be placed in solitary confinement and the performance of advanced persuasion techniques is authorized to facilitate the improvement of cooperative attitude and overall morale.

Termination requests from SCP-8134-1 instances are to be ignored.

**Description:** SCP-8134 is an anomalous phenomenon affecting all individuals considered sanctioned members of the SCP Foundation possessing a certain level of security clearance. Its exact origins and operational parameters are unknown to current members of administrative personnel, although it is currently presumed that the existence of SCP-8134 has been known to the Foundation since its inception.

SCP-8134 activates automatically upon the fulfillment of two conditions:

# The given individual possesses valid Level 3 (or higher) security clearance.

# The given individual commits suicide as a direct result of occupational stress, trauma, guilt, and/or other psychologically aggravating factors.

An SCP-8134-1 instance is then generated upon the successful activation of SCP-8134.

SCP-8134-1 instances are identical copies of personnel affected by SCP-8134. These entities retain the same personality, behavioral patterns, and memories of the affected individuals prior to their deaths. SCP-8134-1 instances are virtually immortal and do not require food, water, oxygen, or sleep to function. They can rapidly regenerate from seemingly any form of inflicted damage, cannot lose consciousness, and possess a reduced ability to experience pain.

SCP-8134-1 instances typically manifest seconds after the death of affected personnel. Currently, there are 1,466 contained SCP-8134-1 instances in active duty at Area-281.

**Addendum:** The Sisyphus Program.

The Sisyphus Program is a Foundation initiative formally authorized by the Overseer Council, in conjunction with the Ethics Committee, in 1937. The program was established to identify personnel exhibiting considerable prowess in technical and leadership roles and to convert them into permanent Foundation assets via the deliberate activation of SCP-8134. This was authorized under the operational logic that SCP-8134-1 instances retain the intellect, expertise, and memory of the deceased while gaining immunity to physical trauma and degradation.

Candidates for inclusion are handpicked by the [Fire Suppression Department](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/fire-suppression-department-hub) through the review of personnel files provided by the Department of Human Resources. Upon selection, individuals are subjected to a series of targeted psychological operations designed to induce suicidal ideation. These may include:

* The creation and distribution of falsified personnel reports to generate a perception of obsolescence or failure.

* Bureaucratic interference designed to generate frustration.

* Subliminal messaging.

* Denial of requests for mental health support and wellness services.

* *Et cetera.*

Following the successful manifestation of the appropriate SCP-8134-1 instance, all prior records of the candidate are retroactively sanitized, and a memorial notice is disseminated through internal channels. The SCP-8134-1 instance in question is then transported to Area-281 and reassigned to their previous position and duties.

Despite several objections by the Ethics Committee regarding the nature of the Sisyphus Program, it has proven to be an overall net positive for Foundation operations. As such, the Overseer Council has refused all requests to halt it, and it is to continue indefinitely.

<< [SCP-8133](SCP-8133) | SCP-8134 | [SCP-8135](SCP-8135) >>
