**Item #:** SCP-8157

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8157-1-4 are contained in Safe-Class Cadaver Lockers within a Safe Class Containment Unit on Site-400. The floor in this unit is to be cleaned once a week. CCTV footage from this unit is to be monitored 24/7 until further notice.

**Description:** SCP-8157 is a collection of 4 corpses without a circulatory system. SCP-8157-1 and SCP-8157-2 were discovered by Field Researcher Francis Nassar in Sligo University Hospital during post-mortem examination of the corpses; all initially had "catastrophic haemorrhage" as the listed cause of death, however no injuries were reported except for a series of small bite marks. Within their cadaver lockers in Sligo University Hospital, SCP-8157-1 and SCP-8157-2 were found surrounded by a large number of small streaks of blood. SCP-8157-1 and SCP-8157-2 were removed from Sligo University Hospital by Field Research Nassar and MTF Fianna-5 ("The Fenian Lads") on the 12/05/25.

SCP-8157-3 and SCP-8157-4 are the corpses of Junior Researcher Francis Nassar and MTF-Fianna-5 Agent Colm Kelly. They were discovered deceased in their homes on the 14/05/25. Similar bite marks were discovered on their bodies, and post-mortem examination revealed they too lacked a circulatory system. In addition, surrounding both their corpses was a large number of streaks of blood similar to what had been discovered in the cadaver lab at Sligo University Hospital.

Since containment within Site-400, streaks of blood have continued to appear around all SCP-8157 instances. Testing on samples of this blood has revealed it matches that of the instance beside which it is found. 

All instances of SCP-8157 are experiencing decay at rates beyond what would be ordinarily expected. 

**Addendum-8157-001: Post-Mortem Results**

| SCP-8157 Instance | Name | Age at Death | Listed Cause of Death | Post-Mortem Notes |
| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| SCP-8157-1 | Aobha Ní Cuibheain | 24 | Catastrophic haemorrhage | No visible signs of damage to body except for two small bite marks approximately 2cm apart on the upper inside left thigh. All internal blood vessels are missing, with surrounding structures unaffected - where the arteries, veins, and capillaries ordinarily exist is empty space. At the heart, the blood vessels appear to have been severed, leaving the coronary circulatory system unaffected. |
| SCP-8157-2 | Michael Pearson | 38 | Catastrophic haemorrhage | Four small bite marks visible - two on the right upper inside thigh, approximately 2cm apart, and two on the left inside wrist, approximately 2cm apart. All internal blood vessels are missing, with surrounding structures unaffected. At the heart, the blood vessels appear to have been severed, leaving the coronary circulatory system unaffected. |
| SCP-8157-3 | Francis Nassar | 32 | Removal of circulatory system by anomalous means | Six bite marks visible - two on the inside right wrist, two on the inside left thigh, and two on the left side of the neck, sitting over the external jugular vein. All pairs approximately 2cm apart. |
| SCP-8157-4 | Colm Kelly | 27 | Removal of circulatory system by anomalous means | 8 bite marks visible, two on the inside left wrist, two on the inside left thigh, two on the left side of the neck, and two on the right collarbone. All pairs approximately 2cm apart. |
**Addendum-8157-002:** On the 18/05/25, CCTV was installed in the containment unit for SCP-8157. Below is a description of the footage from the following night:

> **22:04:** Footage shows SCP-8157's containment unit. No unusual activity.

>

>**22:23:** 15 streaks of blood appear on the floor leading from SCP-8157-3's containment locker to the door. 39 seconds later, another 15 streaks appear in the same manner, overlapping with the initial set.

>

> **22:56:** 22 streaks of blood appear leading from SCP-8157-2's containment locker to the door. 21 seconds later, another 22 streaks of blood appear.

>

> **22:59:** 4 streaks of blood appear leading from SCP-8157-1's containment locker to the door. 42 seconds later, another 4 streaks of blood appear.

>

> For the following 4 hours, nothing of note occurs on the footage.

>

> **03:04:** Approximately 400 streaks of blood appear leading from the door to SCP-8157-4's containment locker.

>

> **03:06:** An unknown number of streaks of blood appear again leading from the door to SCP-8157-4's containment locker. It is difficult to discern where individual streaks begin and end due to substantial overlapping.

**Addendum-8157-003:** Following the events of the 18/05/25-19/05/25, another series of post-mortem investigations were conducted on SCP-8157-1-4. SCP-8157-1-3 had continued trends of rapid decay beyond what would ordinarily be expected - individual masses had dropped between 4% and 6%. SCP-8157-4's mass had dropped by over 50%. Investigations into the cause of this are ongoing. An application to freeze all instances of SCP-8157 immediately has been submitted to Site-400 Senior Director Jake Kettyles.

<< [SCP-8156](SCP-8156) | SCP-8157 | [SCP-8158](SCP-8158) >>
