Just trying to sleep

And I’m on my deathbed

I’ve been hungry for a week

- *Radical,* 

It Looks Sad

SCP-8225 - Kindling

[Popsioak's author page](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/popsioaks-garden)

**Item Number:** SCP-8225

**Object Class:** Neutralized

**Special Containment Procedures:** Though not expected, in order to minimize potential damage, SCP-8225’s ashes are contained in an airtight clay container in Site-93’s low risk lockers.

**Description:** SCP-8225 was Vidya Jahan, a 31-year-old thaumaturge displaying low-level pyrokinetic capabilities consisting of the ability to light its body on fire. These flames could be precisely controlled; video evidence shows SCP-8225 lighting specific portions of its body, varying the rate of spread, and extinguishing these flames with no assistance.

Jahan displayed no burns after triggering its abilities, nor did it cause any damage to surroundings in spite of embers landing on flammable material. Thermal imagery shows that these flames did truly exist, and were lit on SCP-8225 itself. SCP-8225 showed no signs of pain and no indicator that it felt any physical stimulus from its fires.

SCP-8225 utilized this functional invulnerability to its abilities to perform self-immolation at 102 different protests and demonstrations over a 25 year period for a variety of political, social, and economic causes. These frequently resulted in expected and nonanomalous increases in awareness of SCP-8225’s position. However, public interest would quickly decline, with trends showing decreasing scrutiny with each consecutive incident in spite of increasing flame size.

---

**Addendum 1:**

---

On 08/08/2024, SCP-8225 was in Ludhiana, Punjab, demonstrating as a part of the ongoing farmers’ protests. After clearing a space around itself, witnesses reported SCP-8225 lit itself on fire. Though it still displayed no signs of discomfort, Jahan was rapidly consumed by this flame. Remains were collected and reports were explained as self-immolation to agitate tensions. Multiple match-heads were found at the scene.
