**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to the anomalous effects of SCP-8463, containment will only be necessary for one year, consisting of monthly interviews with Jeffrey Stine — the current mayor of Rourke — regarding the condition of the town's population.

**Description:** SCP-8463 is a groundwater well in Rourke, Maryland. The base was removed at an unknown point in time and the opening has been significantly damaged by erosion. The primary anomalous effect of SCP-8463 occurs once per day and causes a random citizen within Rourke to stop whatever activity they're currently doing, approach the well, and jump into it. Each inhabitant who has jumped into SCP-8463 was, at some point in time and through unknown means, marked by a dark discoloration of skin at a random position on their body. This marking can occur anywhere from one week to six months before their death.

Following its discovery, Dr. Emmett Wilson requisitioned a drone to send into SCP-8463. This was approved, however, contact with the drone was lost following its descent past 100 meters. Further attempts indicated similar results. The depth and number of individuals within SCP-8463 remains unknown.

**Addendum A:** Surveillance Footage

The following footage was recovered from one of many cameras throughout Rourke to capture video of an SCP-8463 activation event.

**Living Room 00:00:** *Eliza Newsom is playing with her children, Peter and Myra Newsom. She is pushing a toy train along its tracks as her children place miniature figures onto the tracks. A small, black discoloration of skin can be seen on her palm.The marking appeared four months earlier when Mrs. Newsom lost her job at the bakery.*

**Kitchen 00:12:** *Fred Newsom, Eliza's husband, is cooking dinner.*

**Living Room 00:20** *Eliza pushes the train over the figurines, breaking them. The children giggle. She stands and begins walking towards the kitchen.*

**Kitchen 00:28:** *Fred lifts up a plate of chopped meat. He drops it inside the pot and begins stirring it. Eliza walks into the kitchen and begins washing the dishes. She pauses briefly and stares at the palm of her hand. Her expression appears distressed.*

**Kitchen 00:51:** *Eliza suddenly drops the plate she was holding and walks out of the kitchen. Fred does not turn to look at her.*

**Hallway 00:58:** *Eliza can be seen exiting the house through the front door. Her children can be heard calling her name.*

**Kitchen 01:21:** *Fred prepares the table for dinner and yells for Peter and Myra to come eat.*

**Kitchen 10:47:** *The family finishes dinner. Fred kisses his children on the cheek before walking into his bedroom and crying. Peter and Myra play with the train.*

**Addendum B:** Jeffrey Stine's Speech

Six months into containment, Jeffrey Stine gathered the inhabitants of Rourke together and performed a speech with the intent to raise morale. Dr. Emmett Wilson was present within the audience and recorded the event.

**Begin Log**

*Camera flashes on. Stine can be seen on a small stage behind a podium roughly 5 meters away. Several civilians can be seen around Wilson's position as they crowd around Stine.*

**Stine:** Good morning everyone.

*There is a brief pause. Stine smiles widely, appearing to wait for a response. His smile remains as he continues speaking.*

**Stine:** I understand that many of you have some concerns with the way our little town has been running. You may have thought I was blind and deaf to your troubles, but I've been devising plans and projects for everything that plagues you. So let's get started.

*Stine removes a sheaf of stapled papers from beneath the podium.*

**Stine:** Firstly, the town's bakery will be restocked soon. You'll have all the sugary treats you could ever want!Jeremiah Walker, the owner of the town's bakery, is deceased.

*A single clap can be heard from somewhere in the audience. There is the sound of footsteps close by. The camera turns away from Stine briefly and focuses on a male civilian leaving the crowd. A small dog follows him, its leash trailing behind it. Stine can still be heard speaking.*

**Stine:** Secondly, we will be reinstating weekly game nights at the town hall! They're going to be hosted on Fridays from 6 to 9.

*Wilson returns the focus to Stine. The inhabitants in front of Wilson turn to each other and speak. Their words are inaudible, but they appear panicked.*

**Stine:** Thirdly, the topiary garden left behind by Michael and Georgia Baker will enter the care of Mrs. Hall.Michael Baker was a victim of SCP-8463.

*The camera shakes slightly as Wilson raises his arm. Stine's attention turns towards him.*

**Stine:** Yes, a question?

**Wilson:** Do you have any plans for dealing with the well?

*Stine stares at Wilson and opens his mouth as if to respond. No one in the audience speaks. Stine turns over to the next page of the sheaf. His smile remains.*

**Stine:** What's the use in talking about some hole in the ground? If someone slips and falls in, I'd say that's no one's fault but their own.

*Stine laughs. The audience remains silent.*

**Stine:** Alright then, fourthly, the psy--

*Stine stops speaking for a moment and readjusts his tie.*

**Stine:** The office building near the town hall is being repurposed as the up-and-coming Rourke Gym!The owner of the building (Rourke Psychiatry Clinic) is still currently alive.

*Dr. Wilson recorded the next hour and a half of announcements. When they were finished, Stine left the stage and returned to his home.*

**End Log**

<< [SCP-8462](SCP-8462) | SCP-8463 | [SCP-8464](SCP-8464) >>

=====

=====
