====

====

@import url('https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8980/departuremono.css');

:root {

    ~~logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/scp-8566/urgencelogo.png);

    --header-title: "EMERGENCIES DIVISION";

    --header-subtitle: "SURVIVAL PROTOCOL MAINTAINED";

    --basalt-primary-color: 15, 2, 0;

    --basalt-secondary-color: 22, 1, 0;

    --basalt-tertiary-color: 30, 0, 0;

    --ec-popup-color: 70, 18, 10;

    --basalt-bright-element-color: 184, 22, 16;

    --basalt-dark-element-color: 150, 10, 10;

    --rfr-primary: #E0F6FD;

    --rfr-secondary: lightskyblue;

}

body {

    background: linear-gradient(rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5), rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.8)), url("https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-8566/texture.png");

    background-position: center, center;

    background-size: cover;

    background-attachment: scroll, fixed;

}

b, strong {

    font-weight: 800;

}

table {

    box-sizing: border-box;

}

.content-warning {

    font-size: 85%;

    translate: 0px -5px;

}

#top-bar div[class*="top-bar"] > ul > li > a {

    font-size: 115%;

}

.page-title {

    border-bottom: solid 1px #424248;

    font-weight: normal;

    margin: 0 0 0.6em;

    padding: 0 0 0.25em;

    font-size: 200%;

    font-family: var(--title-font);

}

.page-title p {

    margin: 0;

}

#breadcrumbs, .pseudocrumbs {

    margin: auto;

    width: fit-content;

    padding-bottom: 5px;

    opacity: 0.8;

}

#page-content .yui-content div {

    overflow: hidden;

}

#page-content div:is(.document, .darkdocument) {

    max-width: 50rem;

}

div:is(.document, .darkdocument)::before, div:is(.document, .darkdocument)::after {

    position: relative !important;

}

div.blockquote {

    background-color: #0f0f0f;

}

div.blockquote.light {

    background-color: #2b2b2b;

}

.red-text {

    color: red;

}

.licensebox .collapsible-block-link {

    opacity: 0.5;

    transition-duration: 0.3s;

}

.licensebox .collapsible-block-link:hover {

    opacity: 1;

    transition-duration: 0.3s;

}

@media (max-width: 430px) {

    :where(#page-content) table {

        width: fit-content;

    }

}

Info about the article

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains mention of self-harm, psychological abuse, psychological trauma, and torture. Be advised.

Message starts. The AIC apologizes if the subject was awakened. Please listen carefully.

**Item #:** SCP-8566

**Object Class:** K-Archon

**Special Containment Procedures:** As per Emergencies Division protocol, you are currently the wearer of SCP-8566. The item's description, its intended use, and your directive will play once every 24 hours. If you wish to repeat the current message before the 24-hour mark, please state "repeat full" aloud from inside the helmet. You are not authorized to mention the existence of this message or the Emergencies Division when recording new journal entries within the suit.

**Description:** SCP-8566 is a mechanical full-body suit of 'Absolute Exclusion Harness' specially designed for surviving in a potential K-class scenario and hiding from possible predatory entities. You are able and encouraged to record journal entries throughout your trip for the SCP Foundation deepwell archive. You have been selected in order to carry out the mission of saving the world.

If you are not aware of what the SCP Foundation is, please verbalize "Explain 1" from inside the helmet. If you do not know the current state of the world at this moment, please verbalize "Explain 2" from inside the helmet. If you do not understand why you have been chosen for such protocol, please verbalize "Explain 3" from inside the helmet. If you do not know wh

Explain 3 playing.

You have been selected into the Emergencies Division survival protocol upon finding the anomaly in a Foundation facility, in a Foundation liaison location, or on the corpse of another individual wearing the suit. You have been chosen upon wearing the anomaly, whether intentionally or not. You have been chosen due to humanity's near-extinction and the severe lack of subjects to revert the current K-class scenario.

Your current condition, your desires, or your point of view on the matter are to be discarded for the remainder of your survival. Your only mission is to save the world.

The main message will continue.

The suit is equipped with an Artificial Intelligence Conscript made specifically to help you survive in your current environment. This AIC will communicate directly with you to:

* Help you find a nearby shelter to rest and recharge the suit.

* Help you find nearby edible sustenance.

* Help you find nearby allies that may help you survive.

* Help you choose another healthy human as a replacement for the suit if you are in critical condition.

* Help you find or create weapons to defend yourself.

* Help you locate and avoid nearby threats to your life.

* Help you locate and avoid nearby threats to the suit.

* Help you locate and activate the anomalies needed for the K-class scenario to reset or stop.

The AIC chip, upon wearing the suit fully, was integrated directly into your frontal lobe. You are currently hearing the recording from inside your psyche. Attempting to remove the suit forcefully is consequently discouraged as this would cause serious damage to your skull and brain matter.

The AIC will also be able to detect any thoughts generated by the user and can forcefully distract any thoughts that could hinder you from carrying out the mission. This "distraction" acts as a small electrical shock from inside your frontal lobe. The following thoughts will be prevented:

* Ideation of self-harm.

* Ideation of removing the suit.

* Ideation of modification to the suit.

* Ideation of stopping or delaying the mission.

* Ideation of harm to allies.

* Ideation of saving an ally when their death is unavoidable.

* Ideation of morally wrong actions maintained for survival.

* Ideation of the loss of loved ones.

* Ideation of loneliness.

* Ideation of the world before the ongoing K-class scenario.

* Ideation of the past.

* Ideation of hatred towards the distraction.

* Ideation of hatred towards the AIC.

Depending on the situation, new negative ideations may also be located and prevented. The AIC apologizes for any shock initiated due to the listing of prevented ideations.

The AIC will also affirm and support certain decisions you make that are positive to your survival and the maintenance of the mission, such as:

* Considering the need to document important information.

* Considering potential risks posed by allies.

* Considering crimes against the user's code of ethics but necessary for survival.

* Considering meat consumption against the user's code of ethics but necessary for survival.

* Considering forgetting any code of ethics.

* Considering that you are not alone while in the company of the AIC.

* Considering the potential sacrifice required to activate the anomalies needed to reset or stop the current K-class scenario.

* Consider saving humanity.

* Consider saving the world.

* Consider saving the SCP Foundation.

If you have any questions concerning the deactivation of the AIC, please verbalize "Explain 1" from inside the helmet. If you hav

Explain 1 playing.

The AIC cannot be deactivated for the remainder of the survival protocol. If your existence is maintained after humanity's full survival, the SCP Foundation will fully cover the cost of the surgical procedure to remove the ship.

The main message will continue.

Depending on the situation and damage taken, the AIC can also inject into your body medicine or amputate severely infected or damaged limbs and organs. These operations will mainly come into play in a critical situation, but to prevent any other potential threats during your mission, the AIC can also modify your anatomy to benefit you in your current environment.

The AIC is authorized to modify and replace at least one organ or limb of your body whenever you are in a state of reduced mental and physical activity. For example, during your last sleep of 3 hours, your heart has been replaced with an artificial heart pump. This modification was initiated in order to remove the sound of heartbeats, which could attract hostile entities possessing enhanced auditory perception.

If you have experienced pain during the modification of your anatomy, please verbalize "Explain 1" from inside the helmet. If the AIC has removed a limb or organ that you don't believe to be necessary for survival, please verbalize "Explain 2" from inside the helmet. If th

I'm sorry, "Exclaim 2" is not any known command.

The main message will continue.

Failure to finish the mission of saving the world after 100 days of wearing the suit will result in an artificial cerebral aneurysm triggered by the AIC ship. Your body mass will remain in the suit and be slowly consumed to power the internal electrical generator until another nomadic survivor finds the anomaly. Once this person has been located within a radius of 50 meters, the suit will release the remains of your corpse and move autonomously toward the individual in order to attach itself to a new body. The directive to save the world will be passed on to the new wearer.

We hope you understand that your existence is mandatory for the remainder of the mission. You will be authorized to self-terminate only when the total survival of mankind is confirmed. The world and the SCP Foundation are all behind you. You must live so they can.

We will not forget your act. Your name, efforts, and sacrifice for our world will be documented within our database.

The Emergencies Division thanks you for your comprehension. Save us.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8565](SCP-8565) | SCP-8566 | [SCP-8567](SCP-8567) >>

=====

**Background image**

> **Filename:** Texture.png

> **Source:** [Wikicommon](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Texture_P7180188.JPG)

> **Author:** Clara.Hoke

> **License:** CC0 1.0 Universal

**Logo**

> **Filename:** Urgencelogo.png

> **Source:** [SCP Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/golem-s-icon-page)

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

**Thumbnail**

> **Filename:** existencethumb.png

> **Note:** Thumbnail uses both previously sourced images and also the following

> **Source:** [SCP Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8566)

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> 

> **Source:** [Wikicommon](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Runner_stickman.svg) 

> **Author:** Pixabay

> **License:** CC0 1.0 Universal

=====
