=====

=====

 .disruptionHeader {

    filter: invert(1);

}

---

# **SCP-8907**

[SCP Series IX](scp-series-9) >> SCP-8907

---

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** On account of the nature of SCP-8907, as well as the individuals associated with the anomaly, it cannot be contained. Individuals who are known to be connected to an SCP-8907 instance are to be monitored for further anomalous activity. The Infrared Disruption-Class describes anomalies for which the amount of disruption that the item can produce/is producing cannot be discerned. 

Due to SCP-8907's association with the Greater Macrocosm, the exact nature of SCP-8907 is unclear. Research efforts to further understand SCP-8907 manifestation are ongoing.

**Description:** SCP-8907 is a process in which an individual between the ages of three and sixteen years (henceforth SCP-8907-A) becomes mentally linked, through unknown means, to a recently-formed Floater reality located close to our own within the Macrocosm (henceforth SCP-8907-B). SCP-8907-B instances appear to "orbit" our reality, although these paths are inconsistent and will occasionally bring certain instances closer to baseline reality. This has no discernable effect on either our reality or the SCP-8907-B instance involved, but theories surrounding the potential outcome of a collision do exist, mostly concluding that a CK-Class Reality Restructuring Scenario would occur, amalgamating the two realities together.  This connection is visible in mappings of both the Macrocosm and local Noosphere as a thin, brightly-coloured line.

After a link occurs, SCP-8907-A is granted complete control over all aspects of SCP-8907-B, which they interface with through the guise of a highly detailed imaginary world. Many SCP-8907-B instances are formed during the SCP-8907-A instance's early childhood, although formation has been reported occurring in individuals of up to 27 years of age. All attempts by non SCP-8907-A individuals to interact with SCP-8907-B instances through standard multiversal means have failed, with only use of narrative-based anomalies achieving any degree of success. Currently, the only documented individuals capable of interacting with other individuals' SCP-8907-B instances through non-narrative means are other instances of SCP-8907-A, specifically those who have an existing friendship with the reality's associated SCP-8907-A.

SCP-8907-A individuals often go on to create art involving their SCP-8907-B, most commonly in the form of written media and film. Due to the massive quantity and popularity of media created as a result of SCP-8907, the world above the Veil has developed a term for SCP-8907-B, albeit in a non-anomalous form, that term being Paracosms. A paracosm is a highly detailed imaginary world, often created during childhood, with which a person possesses a deep emotional connection with. Many paracosms become extremely detailed over time, and last well into adulthood, with the basis of several popular fictional worlds being rooted in such worlds. 

Upon the death of an SCP-8907-A individual, their associated SCP-8907-B instance will undergo a progress of "stagnation," where time within the instance stops at the furthest point in its history which its SCP-8907-A had created. All attempts to extend an SCP-8907-B instance's timeline beyond the stagnation point have failed.

---

## Addendum: Abridged SCP-8907 Instance Log

**Designation:** SCP-8907-A001

**Name:** Dr. Penelope Leslie

**Detail:** First documented SCP-8907-A instance, and the first head of the SCP-8907 research project. Born in 1940, joined the Foundation in 1964 after graduating from ICSUT Swansea with a master's degree in Pataphysics. Died in 2009 following infection by [SCP-510](SCP-510) during a containment breach at Site-17. Produced several novels set in SCP-8907-B001 instance throughout her time with the Foundation, distributed to the public via Front Company #017-C ("Slone-Collins Publications").

**SCP-8907-B Instance:** Unnamed. Instance closely resembles Earth, with much of its universal narrative being focused around Wales and the Western United Kingdom in the early 1950s. Largely centred on a group known as the "Bargheists," who hunt demons unleashed into the countryside by Axis occultists during the Blitz, and the impact that said demons had on the communities in that region.

**History:** Leslie first developed SCP-8907-B001 instance at four years of age, following the end of the Seventh Occult War in Europe. Leslie would, throughout her teens and early twenties, suffer from severe night terrors, believed to have stemmed from her home in Liverpool being bombed during the Blitz. Leslie hypothesized that the timing of SCP-8907-B001 having manifested shortly after the end of the war was likely to explain its connections with elements of it. This led to the first hypothesis surrounding the exact nature of SCP-8907-B manifestation, that being that it was in some way connected to a child with some underlying anomalous ability attempting to process a traumatic event. This theory would go on to be disproven after almost a decade in use.

**Designation:** SCP-8907-A022

**Name:** Maria Gomez

**Detail:** Nicaraguan painter, born in 1942. Known for her "Tierra-Cielo" series of illustrations depicting SCP-8907-B022.

**SCP-8907-B Instance:** A world entirely made up of floating islands in an infinite sky, home to a civilization modelled after the Mayan Empire. Interfacing with the instance through standard SCP-8907-B interaction means has shown that the entire world of SCP-8907-B022 exists in a painted style, with this being accepted as the natural appearance of the world.

**History:** SCP-8907-B022 began doubts among several members of the SCP-8907 research team, particularly one Dr. Jean Castillo, who raised the argument to Dr. Leslie that Gomez had not experienced the Mayan Empire in any form beyond that of a history book and ruins, nor had she ever lived on a floating island. Leslie countered with the notion that SCP-8907-B022 could simply be an anomaly among SCP-8907-B instances, which failed to convince Castillo and the majority of his fellow researchers. In spite of this, the team would continue to follow Leslie's theory for the next three years.

**Designation:** SCP-8907-A069

**Name:** Lewis Harris

**Detail:** British Science-Fiction author, born in 1950. Known throughout the United Kingdom for his "Reducing Infinity" universe, the first SCP-8907-B instance known to have been influenced by other SCP-8907-A individuals.

**SCP-8907-B Instance:** The "Unified Milky Way State," the setting of Harris' Reducing Infinity series. A galaxy-spanning human-dominated super-state from the year 3143, locked in a guerilla war with several alien separatist movements, backed by other civilizations in the Andromeda galaxy.

**History:** Harris would develop SCP-8907-B069 in his early childhood, at which point it was noticeably less hostile. However, by the time Harris reached the age of ten, SCP-8907-B069 had reached a form similar to its pre-stagnation iteration. No parts of Harris' life up to this point would indicate that SCP-8907-B069 instance would become in its current, 3143 form. This, combined with evidence from SCP-8907-B022, would lead Dr. Castillo to form his own hypothesis in regards to SCP-8907 occurrence, stating that there is no particular reason that SCP-8907-B instances would form in any particular way beyond existing fantasies being given a physical form in the Macrocosm. This would go on to become the prevailing theory surrounding SCP-8907 in the years since its inception.

**Designation:** SCP-8907-A150

**Name:** Sir Terence David John Pratchett

**Detail:** Among the most widely known instances of SCP-8907-A. Born in 1948, SCP-8907 occurrence date is currently unknown. Wrote over 100 books during his career, prior to his death in March of 2015, almost half of which were directly related to SCP-8907-B150.

**SCP-8907-B Instance:** Known as "Discworld." A completely flat world, held aloft on the back of four elephants standing on the back of a turtle swimming through space.  Discworld is potentially one of the most detailed SCP-8907-B instances known to the Foundation, dwarfing all other known SCP-8907-B instances in its quantity of minute details.

**History:** Pratchett would go on to completely disprove the antiquated Leslie hypothesis, on account of just how disconnected from our reality much of his depictions of Discworld were from anything Pratchett could have possibly experienced, According to oneiric memory dives performed on him prior to classification, Pratchett had never, in any way, been exposed to real-world thaumaturgy, or any other anomalous activity, and in fact possessed one of the lowest aggregate Anomalous-Exposure Ratings in the world.  and proved the Castillo theory to be correct.

Additionally, SCP-8907-B150 is, to date, the only SCP-8907-B instance to not undergo the standard stagnation process following its associated SCP-8907-A's death. Instead, mappings of the local Macrocosm following Pratchett's death displayed that the connection between our reality and SCP-8907-B150 was shown to have branched off into a vast number of smaller strands. Currently, the reason for this is unknown, and research into this phenomenon is ongoing.

**Designation:** SCP-8907-A201

**Name:** Momoko Nakamoto More widely known as "REDPUNK." 

**Detail:** Nakamoto is a musical anartist and known resident of [Koigarezaki](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/locations-of-interest-jp#koigarezaki), born in 1990, mostly known for her concept albums set in SCP-8907-B201. In accordance with an agreement made with the Japanese Branch of the Foundation, Nakamoto does not distribute her music in Above-Veil communities, due to her use of minor memetics in her work to provide more vibrant mental pictures of the world.

**SCP-8907-B Instance:** Referred to by Nakamoto as "Kusekia." Largely resembles Earth geographically, with the notable absence of the territories held by France and the People's Republic of China. The world's history also largely mirrors our own, until 1975, when both NATO and the Warsaw Pact, assisted by China, developed anti-matter weaponry, leading to a conflict which results in the destruction of both the PRC and France. In the modern day, a collection of four super-states control the world. The exact politics of Kusekia are vague, given the albums focus on more interpersonal stories set in Kenda, the super-state encompassing much of East Asia.

**History:** Nakamoto first developed SCP-8907-B201 in 2006, citing My Chemical Romance as the most likely source of inspiration. Instance would remain in an inconsistent state of existence for the next four years, until the release of "Danger Days" by the band, leading to Nakamoto solidifying her SCP-8907-B's world and style, before releasing her first album nine months later.

]

<< [SCP-8906](SCP-8906) | SCP-8907 | [SCP-8908](SCP-8908) >>

---
