After all, what is the point of the present if not to let go of the past?

What is the point of the past if not to have it in the present?

---

(First!) Article by 

Around 7,000 words - 10-15 minute read.

---

Basalt theme by  and 

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Courier+Prime&display=swap');

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px blue}

/* *** DIVS *** */

.foundation.raisa {

    background: #f2f2c2 url('https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/theme%3Aredtape/raisa_trans.png') center center no-repeat;

    background-size: 20rem;

    text-align: center;

    border: 2px solid #000000;

    padding: 2px 10px;

    max-width: 550px;

    margin: 0 auto;

}

“It's being here now that's important. There's no past and there's no future. Time is a very misleading thing. All there is ever, is the now. We can gain experience from the past, but we can't relive it; and we can hope for the future, but we don't know if there is one.”

- George Harrison

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8524 is to be stored within a Level-2 security locker. Personnel must not touch SCP-8524 with bare skin.

---

**Description:** SCP-8524 is a scrapbook with a leather cover, with dimensions of approximately 30cm x 40cm, weighing 0.45kg when measured.It is consistently reported to be heavier than it is by an addition of 2.30kg to 5kg, with those who are elderly/have experienced traumatic experiences reporting higher weights. All attempts to alter the cover in any way have proven unsuccessful. Internal pages can be destroyed, removed, or altered, but reappear in their original state when the cover is closed and reopened. 

Upon direct skin contact, SCP-8524’s pages manifest photographs, ephemeraStickers, lace, ticket stubs, and the like. and handwritten annotations corresponding to the subject's personal history, even if repressed or forgotten. When interacting with SCP-8524, the subject enters a state of slight mental confusion or agitation until extended removal. Initial pages appear to depict accurate and positive memories, but in later pages, the documented memories become increasingly distorted toward negative interpretation of the past.

Prolonged exposure (~beyond two hours) to SCP-8524 has resulted in subjects experiencing severe psychological distress, including depression, anxiety, and extremely obsessive behaviors. Subjects begin to perceive their past as overwhelmingly negative and their current selves as fundamentally flawed products of those experiences. In extreme cases, subjects have exhibited self-destructive behaviors in accordance with a desire to correct “mistakes” documented in the scrapbook, even when they are unfixable or logically unsound. 

**Discovery:** SCP-8524 was discovered by Terry Webster in ███████, South Carolina. Webster reported the anomaly to local authorities on 9/24/2023 after living with SCP-8524 for three weeks at that time.

The anomaly was provided to law enforcement. Keywords in police documentation caused alert to the SCP Foundation, leading to the dispatch of MTF Delta-4 (“Minutemen”). All externally held evidence of SCP-8524 was terminated upon acquiring SCP-8524.

Operatives administered Class B amnestic treatment. Webster cooperated with operatives in being taken in for interview. (See ADDENDUM 1)

---

**Addendum 1 - Interview Log-8524-T01**

---

**Interviewed:** Terry Webster

**Interviewer:** Researcher Taylor Ward

**Opening notes:** Neighbours described Webster as reclusive, having moved in with minimal belongings. One neighbour reported hearing him speaking aloud to himself for extended periods, often apologising, and that he refused social interaction. 

**<Begin Log>**

**Ward:** "Good afternoon, Mr. Webster. My name is Taylor Ward. How are you feeling?"

*Webster gives no response.*

**Ward:** "Mr. Webster?"

**Webster:** "Sorry, sorry. I’m just a little shocked. Everything has unfolded so quickly, it all still feels far away."

**Ward:** "That's alright. Can you explain what happened to you, please? Every detail, if you can."

**Webster:** "Yeah, yeah. Well, I had moved to ████ to get a fresh start. I wanted to get away from my old life. I just needed…*away*, you know? Then I was there, had just got to my apartment and that book was in there. Called the police later. Now I’m here."

*Ward nods.* 

 

**Ward:** "Okay, Mr. Webster. What happened to make you need to leave?" 

**Webster:** "You guys don’t have it in a file somewhere?"

 

*Silence.*

 

**Ward:** "Alright then-"

**Webster:** "No, no, fine. I’ll explain."

 

*Mr. Webster sighs heavily, leaning back.*

**Webster:** "It was a bad night. Well, every night was a bad night to me at that time. It was all an excuse to drink. I was driving. I didn’t even see him coming, stupid rain was making it hard to see, and that was on top of…yeah. I blew a stop sign and hit him right in the side."

*Silence.*

**Webster:** "He died that night. I didn’t even get out of the car right away. I just sat there, hands on the wheel, thinking if I didn’t move, it hadn’t happened yet."

*Webster takes a moment, clearing his throat to retain composure. There is a small moment of silence.*

**Webster:** "I could tell it was painful. A broken-in side door, absolutely crunched front. I thought there was a little bit of blood here and there…the pages were all scrambled together, weird lookin’. I suppose I should know since I spent hours staring at it, but it’s all fuzzy in my head now… I was just sure that he had died horribly- I could tell he died horribly…and his poor family…"

**Ward:** "Mr. Webster, the investigation said he died on impact from head trauma. There wasn't any contortion of the body or wounds. Did the book show you that explicitly?"

**Webster:** "No, I could just tell from the pages, the angles."

**Ward:** "No external factors beside the pictures?"

 *Webster appears slightly agitated.*

**Webster:** "What are you trying to get at? I didn't - and don't - have any voices in my head telling me what's going on. I just figured that that was the case. The car was absolutely destroyed in the pictures, that I know for sure."

**Ward:** "Of course, Mr. Webster. I wasn't trying to insinuate. You trusted the book for this description?"

**Webster:** "I suppose so, yeah. My own memories of that night are really cloudy, you know, with the drinking and stuff. I guess I just assumed whoever went through the effort and had pictures would’ve been accurate. I can’t seem to remember it right now; I just know that there was a lot from my whole life. I kept thinking if I could just find the moment, the exact second I messed up and stared at it long enough, I could step back into it. Change one thing. Just one. I wanted to fix everything, I felt like I could, like I could go back and make that one choice. Took me a long while to realize that you can’t bring someone back from the dead."

*He begins to stare off into the distance again.*

**Ward:** "Mr. Webster, could you describe the order of events that led you to decide to move to ████?"

**Webster:** "Yeah, sure. After the accident, I wasn't in prison long. They knew out was worse than in. Everyone I had grown up with, acting like they didn’t know who I was. Even my own best friend told me I should just leave. I got fired soon after that anyway. The company didn’t want to be associated with a killer, and they had the perfect excuse that I was showing up late every day. I refused to drive. I still refuse to."

*Silence.*

**Webster:** "I realized that I couldn’t do it anymore. It felt like the universe was telling me to move on. So I spent the last I had of my money and moved."

**Ward:** "Did you actually feel an attraction to leave? Something calling?"

*Webster laughs.*

**Webster:** "No sir. Again, I’m not crazy. I’m just a man who’s got nothing, no money, no family, no friends. I would rather be a hopeless case in a world where nobody knows me, left with my shame and guilt, than in that town surrounded by eyes. Now all I have is a shitty apartment in a city that takes 12 minutes of key-jiggling to open the door. And it had that damn book inside. I thought leaving would fix it. Turns out when there’s nothing left in your life, there’s nothing to distract you from it either."

*He laughs again, quieter this time. Ward opens his mouth to speak, but gets cut off.*

**Ward:** "I see. Mr. Webster, we have it from here. Speaking of your apartment, I apologise that it has to be confiscated. We wanted to make sure there wasn’t any security risk that someone could have been able to get inside a locked apartment. I’m sure you understand."

**Webster:** "I understand, but where am I supposed to go?"

*Ward smiles.*

**Ward:** "Here are your new keys."

 

*Webster pauses.*

 

**Webster:** "Really?"

 

**Ward:** "Yes, it's the apartment right next door. Now whenever you’re ready, there is a nurse waiting for you outside for a quick check, then you’re free to go. Thank you for your cooperation."

*Webster doesn’t move or react, staring at the keys on the table.*

**Webster:** "That’s it? After all you’ve heard? After all I’ve been through? That’s it?"

**Ward:** "The Foundation thanks you for your time and cooperation, Mr. Webster." 

**<End Log>**

 

**Closing note:** Webster remained in the room for 15 more minutes, then was administered Class C amnestic treatment after interview and placed under surveillance for a timeframe of one week to ensure no further anomalous activity. Investigation of Webster’s former apartment revealed no anomalies, with ownership being returned to the building manager.

---

**Addendum 2 - Experimentation Log**

---

#### **EXPERIMENTATION LOG 1**

**Main Researcher:** Researcher MacIntyre 

**Subject:** D-1159

**Assigned MTF:** Officer Mato

@@ @@

**Protocol:**

Subject is to be directed to provide skin contact, then temporarily held by Officer Mato in case of further contact requirements for SCP-8524. Researcher MacIntyre, wearing medical grade gloves, will remove a sample of multiple pages. Samples will be sent for analysis. Pages will also be scanned for Foundation records. 

@@ @@

---

### ~~ ANALYSIS REPORT ~~

#### {{ REPORT ID NUMBER: **K136-127E**}}

---

**{{NAME:}}** {{Tom MacIntyre}}

**{{POSITION TITLE:}}** {{Junior Researcher}}

**{{DATE FILED:}}** {{11/15/2023}}

**{{PRIORITY LEVEL:}}** {{Low}}

---

**{{ANALYSIS OF:}}** {{Pages 2,18,37, and 56 of SCP-8524.}}

**{{ANALYST:}}** {{Lauryn A. Walker}}

**{{DATE:}}** {{Analysis completed 11/23/2023}}

**{{RESULTS:}}** {{Pages are composed of normal paper with a GSM of 120Grams per Square Metre. Reference: paper typically has a GSM of 80.(commonly known as cardstock) and vellum paper. No anomalies observed.}} 

**{{NOTE FROM ANALYST:}}** {{Ephemera were unable to be tested due to disappearance before arrival. Request for second analysis.}}

---

@@ @@

#### **EXPERIMENTATION LOG 2**

**Main Researcher:** Researcher MacIntyre 

**Subject:** D-1159

**Assigned MTF:** Officer Mato

@@ @@

**Protocol:**

Same protocol for Experimentation Log 1, with samples being sent for analysis immediately.

Subject will then be left in a monitored room alone with SCP-8524, with the assigned Mobile Task Force Officer waiting outside of the door in case of need for interference. The subject's reaction, psychological state, and mindset will be recorded. Class-D 1159 was chosen due to extensive file history within the Foundation, allowing for cross-examination of reported memories within SCP-8524.

**Results:**

<details>
<summary>Camera Log 8524-R01</summary>

>>Begin Log<<

Log begins at 2:55pm

**2:55** D-1159 and Researcher MacIntyre enter the room, furnished with a standard table and chair. Researcher MacIntyre carries SCP-8524 in a small case, removing it upon coming into the room. After D-1159 contact, Researcher MacIntyre removed the needed samples, then provided D-1159 with new instructions to go through the book at his own discretion. D-1159 was told he was not being watched.

**3:05** D-1159 makes contact with the book, appearing nervous and anxious about having done so. Determined that anxiety at this point was not caused by SCP-8524, and instead caused by the circumstances. 

**3:07** D-1159 first opens the book, immediately awed at decorated pictures of his apparent childhood. He begins to quickly flip through the rest of the book. 

**3:11** D-1159 slams the book shut.

**3:13** D-1159 stands up and stands in a corner.

**3:15** D-1159 returns to the book.

**3:16** Returning to the page he was at, D-1159 shows signs of extreme discomfort, running his fingers through his hair almost aggressively, and appearing emotional.

**3:18** D-1159 retains composure. 

**3:20** D-1159 closes the book again and throws it across the room, visibly crying. He remains in his chair crying for another 6 minutes. 

**3:26** D-1159 retrieves the book from the floor, and returns to the pages. He flips backward with increasing fixation.

**4:03** D-1159 gets up and knocks on the door, requesting pen and paper from MTF Officer Mato. After passing the request through Researcher MacIntyre, it was granted. D-1159 was presented with a notepad and standard pen.

**4:08** D-1159 spends approximately four hours writing and revising notes, frequently discarding and reconstructing them. Pages were arranged across the floor in a pattern resembling an investigative board.

**8:10** Researcher MacIntyre released D-1159, with him having to be forcibly removed by Officer Mato after refusing to leave SCP-8524. All paper used by D-1159 was also confiscated, observed, and filed. 

>>End Log<<

Note: D-1159 was reported by supervisors to be talking to themselves for multiple hours after, saying statements along the lines of blaming themselves for the death of their parents (D-1159 had no involvement in the deaths), verbally repeating variations of claiming ability to ‘fix’ what had happened, and frequently requesting/pleading for further contact with SCP-8524.

</details>

@@ @@

---

### ~~ ANALYSIS REPORT ~~

#### {{ REPORT ID NUMBER: **K138-A11E**}}

---

**{{NAME:}}** {{Tom MacIntyre}}

**{{POSITION TITLE:}}** {{Junior Researcher}}

**{{DATE FILED:}}** {{11/26/2023}}

**{{PRIORITY LEVEL:}}** {{High}}

---

**{{ANALYSIS OF:}}** {{Samples of ephemera of pages 2,18,37, and 56 of SCP-8524}}

**{{ANALYST:}}** {{Lauryn A. Walker}}

**{{DATE:}}** {{Analysis completed 11/26/2023}}

**{{RESULTS:}}** {{No irregularities found. Observing disappearance results - does not disappear until not being observed.}} 

---

@@ @@

---

**Addendum 3**

---

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILES ARE LEVEL-4 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THE FOLLOWING FILES WITHOUT LEVEL-4 AUTHORISATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

@@ @@

The following files have been compiled in accordance to the behavior of (previously Sr.) Researcher Sandoval after frequent contact with SCP-8524, leading up to their disappearance. 

Interference was not made in Researcher Sandoval’s case due to Foundation interest in monitoring prolonged and frequent access to SCP-8524 and assessing its potential to use its obsessive effects for Foundation use. 

@@ @@

Personal logs of Sr. Researcher Sandoval

Log 90, Date 5/17/2021

We’re going out to the site Thursday. The project my mentor is currently on has been showing some weird fluctuations, so we are going to go check it out. Well, technically she has to check it out, but I get to tag along. I’m really excited about it, and while I would say it would be a good break from paperwork, this trip is likely going to result in more paperwork. Researcher Mayer has been overjoyed to have a trainee that can do all her papers for her. 

Nevertheless, I’m excited to see the site. A good chunk of all the work I’ve been doing thus far has just been files, with nothing physical yet. As interesting as the files are, seeing the actual thing absolutely triumphs.

Am I nervous? I don’t think I’m sure yet. It isn’t as dangerous as lots of others, and that's just considering what’s unclassified to me. I would say I’m more anxious than anything… Anxious about the trip, anxious about proving myself, anxious about this feeling like the true beginning of my career here. 

I’ll keep you updated. 

Personal logs of Sr. Researcher Sandoval

Log 55, Date 5/19/2021

    

So far, everything has been going well! While the fluctuations haven’t stopped, they are beginning to slow down and stabilize. Jane requested to stay a little longer anyway, especially as this is the most change that has occurred here since its discovery. She toured me around a bit, talking about her ideas for the causes of the changes and stuff. It was nice to get a change of scenery, with the offices being above ground with some windows instead of a concrete tomb like our main site, since the anomaly here is outside.

She gave me a rock from the site to remember my “first time” with. I thought maybe she’s finally warming up to me, but then she gave me, you’ll never guess… even more paperwork. What did I say? I knew this trip was going to result in more paperwork. It was just a question of sooner or later. 

Our MTF agent that came with us is also almost through training. He hung out with me while I did all the papers, and we shared a drink or two. I gave him the rock. It just felt fitting, since it was his first true assignment too. I hope I’ll keep seeing him around.

His name is Henry Mahurin.

**The following note was retrieved from a physical log Mahurin kept in Foundation records.**

 4/20/2024  

I knew this job was dangerous. I just didn’t really understand what that meant until now.

They told me this would be my first real mission—something that actually matters. I keep thinking about that word. Matters. Is it my action that matters? The group's action? Our reason for being there? What defines what matters or doesn’t. The danger? The goal? I’m not sure. I think I’ll choose to believe it is my impact that ‘*matters*’, since it’s the whole reason I enlisted for this position. 

Someone mentioned that most people bring a token with them. Just in case something happens. I don’t think they meant to scare me, but it did anyway.

I guess I have it easier than most of them. There’s no one waiting for me. No family, no wife, no kids. Nothing like that. Nobody to hold down or worry about.

It’s just me.

And Nate, I guess.

He told me that if I make it back, we could be roommates. I’m pretty sure he was joking, but I’m going to hold him to it. I think it would be nice to have that. It’s always hyped up when you're a teenager, the idea of sharing a dorm or an apartment. I didn’t go to college, so I’ll consider it my belated experience.

I’m bringing the rock he gave me, as my so-called token. When he gave it to me, he said it was to remember my first time here. Now it is the first time it matters.

There’s a pocket in my vest that fits it perfectly. I almost told him that earlier, but I didn’t.

I’m not really sure why. I think I just want it to be mine, my own knowledge. If something were to happen, I’ll know he was there with me, but he won’t have to think about it like that, have to be bogged down with knowledge that he is the only person ever in my life to have meaning to me. That his impact matters. I don’t want him to feel guilt.

He’s going to go far in this world. You can tell.

I’m not going to be the thing that holds him back.

---

[RESTRICTED] INCIDENT REPORT: 

EVENT-3868-K

Event designation: Localized K-Class Reality Disruption

Impacted location: 38.60525° N, 76.79488° W Waldorf, MD  20601, United States.

Documentation date: 4/24/2024

INCIDENT DESCRIPTION

EVENT-8524-K refers to a localized failure of the dimensional fabric within Waldorf, Maryland, United States. The event is spatially bounded, resulting in a (containable) area of unstructured reality.

On April 21st, 2024, MTF Zeta-9 (“Mole Rats”) and MTF Epsilon-11 (“Nine-Tailed Fox”) were deployed due to signs of the unstable nature of the area. Upon arrival of forces,  ██████████████████████

████████████████. Hostiles emerged from  ████████.      

After approximately an hour, backup MTF forces were able to defeat the hostiles. Once clear, Scranton Reality Anchors (SRAs) were successfully deployed, █████████████████████████████

 ██████████████████.

No definitive cause for the initial destabilization has been identified.

            

Casualties: ███████ confirmed, ███████ labeled as missing and presumed dead. 

CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES, RECOVERY, AND STABLISATION

The affected area is currently under Protocol ████████l. A perimeter of SRAs has been established as well as a containment structure to prevent ████████████████ and discovery by civilians. All personnel exiting the zone must ████████████████ quarantine procedures.

Recovery: 40% stabilized. Hostiles are contained.

Projected Resolution: Ongoing monitoring required. Permanent containment or site termination is approved if necessary.

---

Log 140, Date 4/23/2024

He’s alive. I’m so glad he’s alive. I got here as fast as I could. I didn’t leave his side, not until they told me he’d make it through the night. Even then, I only left because they made me.

I’m still in the waiting room.

I told him that if he lived, we could be roommates. I only half meant it at the time, but I mean it now. He has nowhere else to go. No one else. 

He’s going to be fine. He just has to make it through tomorrow. Then a few more days. Then a week. Then so on and so forth until he's old and can pass peacefully, painlessly. 

He just has to keep going. He can’t die here. Not like this. He’s been there for me through everything. Every bad night, every time I thought I couldn’t keep doing this. He stayed. He helped me through. He doesn’t get to disappear now. It’s not fair. I haven’t even begun to return that support.

He’s spent years in safer assignments. Personal protection, perimeter checks, patrol, anything that kept him out of the field. He shouldn’t even have been there.

I won’t let this be it.

I’ll make sure he’s okay.

what the hell happened?

Log 142, Date 5/28/2024

He’s finally out of the hospital. He’s stable physically, but psychologically anything can set him off the edge. It took him a while to even remember who I was after he woke up, and honestly, that part stuck with me a lot more than I thought it would. I was terrified I had lost years of friendship. 

I’ve been taking care of him as much as I can, but I’m still gone most of the day. Sometimes all of it. I’ve got cameras set up around the house like an anxious parent and everything, felt ridiculous doing so, but the reassurance that I could make sure he was okay was worth it. He mostly just sits there, in his wheelchair, staring at the wall.

I’ve tried asking him what happened. Every time I get close to it, he starts panicking. Won’t even let me finish the question, just yells at me until I stop talking about it. I tried looking into it, but the files are classified. 

I tell myself I don’t need to know.

I don’t think that’s true.

I’m worried about him.

---

CONTAINMENT ACCESS

SCP-8524

———

Date: 6/5/2025

Researcher: Senior Researcher Sandoval

---

Log 268, Date 6/17/2025

 

It had a lot of pages dedicated to seeing Mahurin again after whatever happened to him. It was also really focused on the rock - the one I gave him years ago when we had just become friends. 

There were so many moments that I missed - it being in his hand when I first saw him, then on his hospital table. I didn’t think much of it, but nobody could have brought it there, which means he already had it. He already had it on him when he went out into the field. 

The rock from an anomalous site. 

His squad wouldn’t have been sent in to deal with something so dangerous, something that was able to massacre MTF forces. It’s only sensible to believe something could’ve triggered an event, and I gave it to him.

I can’t stop thinking about it. 

---

**To:** Dr. Sandoval

**From:** Site Director █████ 

**Subject:** RE: Request for Classified Documentation

File 3868-0: Approved

File 3868-1: Approved

EVENT-3868-K: Denied 

File 2846 - 7: Approved

I would like to know exactly why you want EVENT-3868-K before I approve it.

Site Director █████ 

Site 529

---

Log 269, Date 6/18/2025

Sometimes I forget my position. I forget that I’m allowed to request documents, and not write exactly why. I can’t really recall the last time I was denied. I think the reason I’m so shocked by it now is because this time it's against the rules, or at least, I’m pretty sure it is. This time there isn’t a project or experimental reason behind it, just my own personal need, the need to know. I tried to ignore it, to go about my day without going back to those images, but I can’t. I haven’t been able to get good sleep the past few days. I just wanted to put an end to it once and for all…is it my fault or not? It feels like every time I find something that points toward not, I find something that counters it.

I spent the entire workday at my desk, reading through it all. I’ve learned that where he was dispatched was an anomalous area, a physical space of unknown properties aside from some weird paraphysics stuff. I don’t like the similarities between that and where the rock had come from all those years ago…

It’s also been projecting a rise of anomalous activity over the years, hence why Henry was sent in at all, but still. They didn’t spike around, it was just a consistent rise, nothing drastic, and whatever happened was definitely drastic. 

I hate that I don’t know. I can’t look at Henry anymore, wondering if it's all my fault that his whole life was swept out from underneath him. I just want to know. That’s all. 

Log 270, Date 6/20/2025

I fell asleep at my desk. Henry is going to kill me if he realizes. He always says that sleep is the most important thing, no matter what. There have been many times where he has tapped me on the shoulder, closed my computer, and either guided me to my bed or forcibly dragged me (as much as he could, anyway…)

The book is still here with me too. I keep moving it to the corner of my desk, trying to ignore it, but I keep cycling between looking in it and looking at the documents, trying to find out what it all means. It shows memories, connections between them. It wouldn’t highlight the rock if it wasn’t connected. It has to be connected. Connected to the rock, to Henry, to me. To the men who lost their lives…

It has to be my fault.

---

CONTAINMENT ACCESS

SCP-8524

———

Date: 6/17/2025

Researcher: Senior Researcher Sandoval

Date: 6/18/2025

Researcher: Senior Researcher Sandoval

Date: 6/19/2025

Researcher: Senior Researcher Sandoval

---

The following transcripts are from pulled footage of the security cameras in Sandoval and Mahurin’s possession. 

**>>Begin log - 8:03 pm, 6/20/2025<<**

*Sandoval enters and immediately heads toward his room, hands full with papers.*

Mahurin: “Nate, Wait.”

*Sandoval turns around, seeming almost delirious.* 

Mahurin: "Nate, Where have you been?"

Sandoval: "I've been right here."

Mahurin: "No. Don’t think I haven’t noticed you staying at the office. I hope you're at least sleeping over there."

Sandoval: "Oh. Don't worry. It's just a very big project, that's all."

Mahurin: "Nate, please. I know you’re avoiding me. Why haven't you even been able to look at me?"

Sandoval: "It's a big project."

Mahurin: "Nate. You haven't talked to me in *weeks*."

Sandoval: "I'm sorry, Henry, it's a big project."

Mahurin: "Am I getting in your way?"

*This line seems to get Sandoval’s actual attention.*

Sandoval: "No, of course not. It's just that- this project, I might be able to make it better. Make you better."

Mahurin: "Nate, I'm perfectly fine with just you, *here*."

Sandoval: "No, don't you want to be better?"

Mahurin: "I thought everything was fine how it's been? What’s going on?"

Sandoval: "It has been, but your life could be better. You could live without me, walk again, get your life back."

Mahurin: "But I have a life, right here, and I’m damned proud of it." 

*Silence for a moment.*

Mahurin: "Is it that you want me to leave?"

Sandoval: "No, no, of course not. But there's no way you *want* to live like this."

 

*Silence. Sandoval seems to glaze over again, as if suddenly remembering what he was doing.* 

Sandoval: "I've got to go."

*Sandoval turns and leaves to his room, shutting the door almost violently.*

Mahurin: "I don’t mind living like this. As long as it's with you."

**>>End log<<**

---

INTERNAL FOUNDATION COMMUNICATION LOG  

SECURE CHANNEL – LEVEL 4 CLEARANCE REQUIRED 

<details>
<summary>PROCEED</summary>

Thread ID: SD-RAISA-8524-INT  

---

**To:** Dr. Elaine Voss 

**From:** Site Director █████ 

**Subject:** SCP-8524 Access Frequency

Dr. Voss,

I’ve reviewed the access logs for SCP-8524. Sandoval has checked the object out an excessive number of times within the past week, far exceeding standard research parameters.

Is there an approved experiment I’m unaware of, or is this personal interest?

Director █████  

Site 529

---

@@ @@

**To:** Site Director █████

**From:** Dr. Elaine Voss

**Subject:** RE: SCP-8524  Access Frequency 

Director,

There is no formally approved experiment under Sandoval’s name at this time.

However, I have reviewed his recent file requests and cross-referenced them with SCP-8524 exposure effects. His behavior is consistent with early-stage cognitive fixation induced by the object.

Given the circumstances, I recommend observation rather than intervention, for he is showing incredible drive to solve an issue of some kind.

Dr. Voss  

Head of Scientific Department

Site 529

---

**To:** Dr. Elaine Voss 

**From:** Site Director █████ 

**Subject:** RE: SCP-8524 Access Frequency

You are suggesting we knowingly allow continued exposure?

He is already showing signs of impaired judgment. This is a liability.

Clarify your reasoning.

Director █████  

Site 529

---

**To:** Site Director █████ 

**From:** Dr. Elaine Voss 

**Subject:** RE: SCP-8524 Access Frequency

  

Correct.

SCP-8524’s effects are well-documented in short-term exposure, but we lack comprehensive data on prolonged, unsupervised interaction in a high-functioning subject with emotional investment in the manifested memories. In addition, the research into this long-term impact might prove to be fruitful for increasing Foundation productivity. The dedication to fixing this mistake is nothing short of remarkable. He’s even been sleeping here.

Intervening now would terminate a rare opportunity to observe the full progression of SCP-8524’s influence and end result.

There would be minimal interference. Just monitoring his actions, behaviours, and progression.

Additionally, I recommend granting his document requests within logical clearance limits. Restriction may disrupt behavioral patterns we are attempting to observe.

Dr. Voss  

Head of Scientific Department

Site 529

---

**To:** Dr. Elaine Voss 

**From:** Site Director █████ 

**Subject:** RE: SCP-8524 Access Frequency

I see.

And if his condition deteriorates beyond recoverable levels?

Director █████  

Site 529

---

**To:** Site Director █████ 

**From:** Dr. Elaine Voss 

**Subject:** RE: SCP-8524 Access Frequency

Then we will have documented the full extent of SCP-8524’s long-term psychological impact.

That data has significantly higher value than partial observation.

Dr. Voss  

Head of Scientific Department

Site 529

---

**To:** Dr. Elaine Voss 

**From:** Site Director █████ 

**Subject:** RE: SCP-8524 Access Frequency

…Understood.

Authorization granted under the conditions that all staff are to treat this as standard research activity.

If this compromises site integrity, the program is terminated immediately.

Log this under internal behavioral study classification.

Director █████  

Site 529

---

**To:** Site Director █████ 

**From:** Dr. Elaine Voss 

**Subject:** RE: SCP-8524 Access Frequency

Acknowledged.

I will ensure all relevant departments are informed on a need-to-know basis.

Dr. Voss  

Head of Scientific Department

Site 529 

---

**To:** Dr. Elaine Voss 

**From:** Site Director █████ 

**Subject:** RE: SCP-8524 Access Frequency

See that it remains “promising.”

And Voss…

Do not lose track of the distinction between research subject and personnel again.

I hope I don’t have to reiterate the basic ethics this Foundation at least tries to uphold. I would hate to have to do paperwork on this.

Director █████  

Site 529

---

**To:** Site Director █████ 

**From:** Dr. Elaine Voss 

**Subject:** RE: SCP-8524 Access Frequency

Of course, Director.

The distinction is noted.

Dr. Voss  

Head of Scientific Department

Site 529

</details>
 

---

**>>Begin log - 8:35 pm, 6/21/2025<<**

*This time, Sandoval enters excited, perhaps teetering on crazed.*

Sandoval: "Henry, Henry, remember that project? Remember how I said it could help you?"

Mahurin: "Nate?"

Sandoval: "It might work!! I can make it work. This is exciting, isn’t it? I’ll get my job back, and you back-"

Mahurin: "You lost your job?!"

Sandoval: "Just a little demoted. I've been busy trying to help you. To help us. It is my fault."

Mahurin: "Nate, you didn’t do this! You didn’t do anything. You wouldn’t hurt anyone."

Sandoval: *Sandoval Ignores Mahurin* "I’m getting close, I can tell. Just you wait." 

Mahurin: "Please Nate, it’s fine. Please. No, don’t go to your room again-"

*Sandoval has already left to his room.*

**>>End log<<**

---

**To:** Dr. Sandoval

**From:** Site Director

**Subject:** RE:Request for classified documentation

EVENT-3868-K:Approved with redactions 

**I want it to be clear that saying “so I can fix things” isn’t really a clear response. I’ve made it so it can fit your classification, but no, please don’t send me a request to see the redacted lines.**

---

CONTAINMENT ACCESS

SCP-8524

———

Date: 6/21/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 6/22/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 6/23/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

<details>
<summary>(+13)</summary>

Date: 6/24/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 6/25/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 6/26/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 6/27/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 6/28/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 6/29/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 6/30/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 7/1/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 7/2/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 7/3/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 7/4/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 7/5/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

Date: 7/6/2025

Researcher: Researcher Sandoval

</details>

---

**>>Begin log - 8:40 pm, 6/27/2025<<**

*Sandoval enters, and tries to head straight toward his room like he has everyday, though at this moment it is more like an office he is allowed to be in overnight. This time, however, Mahurin is in the way with his wheelchair. Sandoval becomes agitated immediately upon this action.*

Sandoval: "Henry, what are you doing?"

Mahurin: "No. It can wait. Please Nate, you haven’t even talked to me in god knows how long. I could’ve forgotten we are roommates if I were a little bit stupider. But I’m not. And I can tell that you’re definitely going through something, and you're not going through it in a good way."

Sandoval: "Don’t make me remove the wheels. Move."

Mahurin: "You wouldn’t dare."

Sandoval: "I don’t understand your problem. Why are you directly hindering your cure?! What part of this could fix you did you not hear? I have already caused this issue. Let me *fix* it." 

Mahurin: “I don’t need to be fixed. I need you to stop trying to undo something that already happened! I don’t give a shit. I was - I *am*, happy just to be here with you. I've had nobody my entire life. Then I had you. Now I’m alone again. Please come back. We can work this out together, no matter how classified or whatnot-"

*Sandoval shakes his head*

Sandoval: “This is for your own good. If I don’t fix it, then it means I continued to let it happen. You don’t deserve that.”

*Sandoval pushes him out of the way and enters the room.*

**>>End log<<**

**>>Begin log - 11:45 pm, 7/31/2025<<**

*Sandoval enters, heavily malnourished and dehydrated, headed toward his office, not even looking up.* 
<details>
<summary>Mahurin isn’t present.</summary>

</details>

**>>End log<<**

---

Log 370, Date 10/7/2025

I will fix it.

I will fix what I have caused.

It is what I owe to him. To them all. To myself.

---

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

…

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**To:** Nathan_Sandoval84@gmail.com

**From:** Henry_Mahurin276@gmail.com

**Subject:** Goodbye?

---

Hey Nate. 

You’re gone now, so this is the only way I can talk to you. Or try to. The therapist lady said it’ll help.

Whatever you did helped a little. Suddenly the doctor is saying my legs might have a chance. The question is did whatever you do cause it, or the sacrifice you made trying to help me cause enough good karma or whatever.

I would trade it all for you back. I would cut them off blindly. I would take my arms too. I don’t even care. I would give anything to not receive that letter on our doorstep, embossed with the Foundation logo, telling me you were gone and not coming back. That I was truly alone again.

I keep thinking about the last time I saw you. It feels like it should be a sad memory - that I didn’t say enough. That you ignored me. But I don’t see it that way. To me, it was you in your element, you nerd. Hands full of papers, excited by what you were working on. It’s what you were born to do. 

I knew you were meant for great things. I know you achieved some of them and I just don’t know. I’m forever sorry if I ever hindered you, Nate, but please know that those years with you were the happiest of my life. I know, I know, cliche, but it’s true.

Goodbye Nate. 

Wait for me, will you?

---

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8523](SCP-8523) | SCP-8524 | [SCP-8525](SCP-8525) >>

Filename: https://getitscrapped.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/09/PublicDomain_ATan.jpg

Name: Living In The Moment

Author: Audrey Tan

License: Public Domain

Source Link: https://getitscrapped.com/2014/10/ideas-scrapbooking-art-public-domain/

Ella Barnard.
