##757575|by Geobyte##

**Item #:** SCP-8752

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Due to SCP-8752's nature, containment of this item takes a bilateral approach. 

MTF Iota-10 ("Damn Feds") agents embedded within law enforcement are to check real estate agencies and scan their employees for the presence of an SCP-8752-M instance(s). Should one be discovered, it should be taken into custody and terminated via incineration. 

All properties owned by real estate agencies with SCP-8752-M presence are to be scanned with EVE-radiation detectors for the presence of SCP-8752-F. If any presence is found then the building is to be evacuated and burnt down.

Once the protocols have been carried out successfully, the affected building is to be searched thoroughly for SCP-8752 eggs and cocoons and then demolished.

**Description:** SCP-8752 is complex, highly evolved predatory anomalous species that exhibits a large amount of sexual dimorphism. Due to this, male and female SCP-8752 have been given the separate designations SCP-8752-M and SCP-8752-F. Separate descriptions for the two anomalies are given below. 

**Item #:** SCP-8752-F

**Description:**SCP-8752-F are amorphous and theoretically oviparous organisms that reside within the walls of residential buildings. The anatomy of SCP-8752-F consists of organs that show similarity to baselines humans but have been evolved for confined spaces. SCP-8752-F feature many characteristics similar to troglofauna Animals that live underground. . Most notably SCP-8752-F have an incredibly low metabolism, one of the lowest recorded within any living species. SCP-8752-F blood contains high amounts of hemoglobin to aid the respiratory process.

SCP-8752-F rarely move and only show brief periods of intense motion during hunting. SCP-8752-F mostly subsist on concrete/drywall, EVE radiation Mysterious energy emitted from living beings and sapient anomalies that can power thaumaturgy. and human beings. Most of SCP-8752-F's anatomy tends to vary from individual to individual. However, three different organs have been found to be consistent within all instances. They are as follows:

* EVE Synthesizing Complex: SCP-8752-F feature a complex and poorly understood system of organs. SCP-8752 use these organs to absorb EVE and process it into various substances necessary for survival like ATP and other nutrients. SCP-8752 has also been noted to produce digestive juices.  

* Modified limbs: SCP-8752-F features multiple pairs of modified limbs akin to those of arachnids. At the end of them is a gland-like structure that secretes an anomalous material that SCP-8752-F processes into concrete. It uses this concrete to encapsulate its prey in a cocoon.

* Proboscis: SCP-8752-F features a long semi-rigid proboscis-like structure that fulfills many roles like hunting, digestion and reproduction. The proboscis is mostly biological with pieces of rebar scavenged from SCP-8752-F's residence acting as a skeletal structure. SCP-8752-F utilizes the proboscis during hunting by stabbing its prey in the neck region and immobilizing it by severing its nerve cord.  It will then proceed to encase its prey in a concrete cocoon. Once immobilized SCP-8752-F will secrete its digestive juices composed of various inorganic acids primarily used in construction These acids are synthesized withing SCP-8752-F itself by the aforementioned organ system. They are namely HCl, H₂SO₄ and H₃PO₄. into the cocoon.

Despite being non-verbal and incredibly hostile, SCP-8752-F have been found to be incredibly intelligent. 

**Item #:** SCP-8752-M

**Description:** SCP-8752-M are humanoid organisms that superficially resemble baseline human beings. Their internal anatomy differs largely from baseline human beings. SCP-8752-M lack a digestive and circulatory system. SCP-8752-M feature a skeletal structure made largely out of rebar and concrete. Large portions of SCP-8752-M are filled with cement/mortar in an attempt to mimic human body proportions. 

SCP-8752-M instances have a vast knowledge about property, the real estate market and the skills required for a real estate agent, despite there being no apparent source for this. SCP-8752-M often use this ability to enter jobs within the real estate business. Once SCP-8752-M has been hired it will attempt to sell houses inhabited by SCP-8752-F as a means of delivering it prey. 

Once SCP-8752-M has mated with its female counterpart, it will attempt to place its female offspring inside of a house/construction site. For its male offspring it will attempt to give it employment within other real estate agencies (preferably far away from SCP-8752-M place of employment). SCP-8752-M have also been observed to be very territorial and hostile to SCP-8752-M instances that aren't their offspring. Some SCP-8752-M instances have also been observed to take up jobs relating to construction.

**Addendum:** SCP-8752 was discovered during an inspection of the wall of Site-36 in western India. The residing SCP-8752-F instance was terminated and its mate found. Both were autopsied and then incinerated. Following recovery and research attempts a project to breed SCP-8752 in captivity to learn more about their biology and reproductive processes. A model house was constructed in a secluded area outside of Site-36 and a SCP-8752-F instance was transplanted into it. D-1551 was instructed to live within this house over a period of 5 months. The house was barricaded to prevent D-1551's escape. An SCP-8752-M was kept in an induced coma outside of this house in a separate building. 

Following is a recording of SCP-8752-F hunting and killing D-1551 during the 5th month:  

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 14/7/2022

**NOTE:** During the period of 5 months, SCP-8752-F-8, the instance transplanted into the house had grown thrice fold by feeding upon D-1551's EVE radiation and construction materials. D-1551 reported increased feelings of lethargy as a result.  

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**20:54:** D-1551 is seated on a sofa and is currently watching a television program. Sensors within the house detect SCP-8752-F-8's movement.

**20:55:** D-1551 gets out of his seat, presumably to use the washroom. As he walks a mild tremor can be heard above the ceiling. He proceeds to use the washroom for 2 minutes.

**20:57:** D-1551 exits the washroom. As they walk a small hole appears in the ceiling. SCP-8752-F-8's proboscis extends outwards. D-1551 does not notice. 

**20:58:** Suddenly SCP-8752-F-8 stabs D-1551's neck with its proboscis. D-1551 attempts to scream but is unable to produce a sound due to his vocal cords being severed. SCP-8752-F-8 uses its proboscis to lift D-1551 up to the ceiling. Blood starts to gush out.

**20:59:** D-1551 continues to struggle as SCP-8752-F-8 slowly lifts him up. The hole above is widened and another limb extends out of it. SCP-8752-F-8 forcefully inserts the limb into D-1551's back and severs his spinal cord. D-1551 goes limp.

**21:00:** A large mouth like structure with several distended teeth extends out from the hole. A single eyeball connected via an optic nerve is lowered down. Its pupils lock on D-1551's head. SCP-8752-F-8 proceeds to puts its proboscis deeper into D-1551's body via the neck.

**21:01:** D-1551's the head is placed within SCP-8752-F-8's mouth. Crunching sounds can be heard as the -F-8 instance chews on his head. Multiple limbs extend out of the hole and start covering D-1551 in concrete.

*D-1551 undergoes the process of being encased within a cocoon for the next 15 minutes.*

**21:14:** Once D-1551 is fully encased, SCP-8752-F-8 lets the cocoon fall down to the floor. Next, it inserts into proboscis into the cocoon to start the digestive process. 

*SCP-8752-M-10, which was being kept in the adjacent building in a coma, suddenly started showing inexplicable movement. It was decided to transport it to the house for research purposes, and its medically induced coma was reversed.*

**21:26:** SCP-8752-M-10 wakes up. It crawls towards the cocoon on the floor. SCP-8752-M-10 opens its mouth wide, and SCP-8752-F-8 puts it proboscis down SCP-8752-M-8's esophagus. This continues for ~6 minutes before SCP-8752-F-8 removes it's proboscis from SCP-8752-M-10's body. Researchers theorized this interaction to be copulation. 

**21:35:** After copulation, Site Security is called in to incapacitate both instances via sedatives. 

---

**[END LOG]**

Addendum SCP-8752.2: Following this event, SCP-8752-F-8 laid an egg and SCP-8752-M-8 was terminated and autopsied. Its cadaver was later disposed of via incineration. Given below is a log of events preceding SCP-8752-F-9's hatching.

Both SCP-8752-F-8 and SCP-8752-F-9 instances were neutralized via incineration after this event. For research purposes, the egg was classified as OBJECT-8752.

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 16/7/2022

**NOTE:** OBJECT-8752 takes the shape of a round spheroidal structure composed of concrete with a diameter of ~40cm. MRI scans show no evidence of any organic structures within it.

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**[Day 1]:** No noticeable activity is present. 

**[Day 2]:** OBJECT-8752 starts to oscillate slightly at random intervals. This typically happens twice every hour.

**[Day 3]:** A small finger juts out of OBJECT-8752's surface. It occasionally moves around.

**[Day 7]:** An entire finger can be seen extending out of OBJECT-8752. 

**[Day 11]:** More fingers, ears, bones and other external organs are seen extending from OBJECT-8752. They move aimlessly as more activity is seen.

**[2 weeks]:** A rudimentary face like structure is seen to emerge from its surface. However, it lacks any eyes and only teeth can be seen on the place where the mouth should be. 

**[2 weeks and 2 days]:** A single eyeball grows out of OBJECT-8752's surface. Its pupil move at erratic paces.

**[3 weeks]:** OBJECT-8752's mouth opens. Its vocalizations are akin to those of a newborn crying, interspaced by it desperately screaming the names of D-1551's immediate family. It continuously leaks a fluid composed of human blood, cerebrospinal fluid and HCl. DNA testing revealed this fluid to be genetically identical to D-1551. 

**[3 weeks and 1 day]:** A human hand emerges out of OBJECT-8752 overnight. It uses this limb to locomote. Scientists have determined that OBJECT-8752 had 'hatched' from its egg.

---

**[END LOG]**

SCP-8752-M instances however do not hatch from eggs. An SCP-8752-F instance will instead produce a new cocoon-structure, inside which the fetal SCP-8752-M instance develops. SCP-8752-M later emerge out of this cocoon fully developed and appear as adult humans.   

**Addendum SCP-8752.3:** During a routine investigation of real estate agencies within the subcontinent when a real estate agency attracted foundation interest. Operating in Mumbai under the name "Minos Realty". Following inspection by Iota-10 agents, it was found that almost 98% of its all-male staff were SCP-8752-M instances. Due to such unusual behavior by SCP-8752-M instances former MTF Psi-7 (“Home Improvement”) member and now field agent Mridul Yantra was sent to meet up with a Minos realty agent under the guise of searching for an apartment. 

Agent Yantra met with a confirmed SCP-8752-M instance that introduced itself as Manoj Kumar. Manoj Kumar led Agent Yantra to Avant Skypark, an apartment complex recently constructed within the Bandra locality of Mumbai. For their own safety Agent Yantra was armed with a foundation issue Glock-18 handgun, a concealed combat knife and his prosthetic foundation made Excelsior mechanical arm. The following video log describes the events that took place. 

**Exploration Video Log Transcript**

**Date:** 12/12/22

**Subject:** Avant Skypark Bandra, Mumbai, India/ Suspected SCP-8752-F nest

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Both Agent Yantradhara and Manoj Kumar (SCP-8752-M-45) are standing within an elevator headed to the 9th floor. The sides of the elevator have been covered in wooden planks so that it does not get damaged while still under construction.*

**Agent Yantra:** Is this building still in construction? 

**Manoj Kumar:** Yes sir. 

*The elevator door opens and both the men disembark onto the 9th floor. They walk until they reach a wooden door with a plaque displaying the number 902.*

**Manoj Kumar:** And we are here sir, what do you think? It's got 3 bedrooms and 3 bathrooms with a large kitchen. It's one of the best flats we have to offer.

**Agent Yantra:** It certainly seems like it!

*The flat is unassuming, with standard furniture placements. However, there are scratch marks, cracks and small red stains on the walls and the flat seems to show signs of recent human habitation. Agent Yantra also reported a foul odor.*

**Agent Yantra:** What's with these cracks and scratches?

*Manoj Kumar appears nervous. He fidgets with his hands and avoids eye contact. He finally looks at Agent Yantra dead in the eye.*

**Manoj Kumar:** Sir, well you see- That's probably cause of the construction work sir. Sometimes these boys get too careless with their tools. If you want, we could paint over it for you.

*Both men look around the house as Manoj Kumar describes the various features of the flat. This goes on for 5 minutes.*

**Agent Yantra:** Could I use the bathroom?

**Manoj Kumar:** Sure. The only functional one is down the hall and to the right.

*Agent Yantra enters the bathrooms and locks the door behind him. He turns on the tap. It sputters for a while before slowly releasing a scalding, foul smelling, mixture of red liquid and viscera. The liquid was later determined to be the slurry that SCP-8752-F produces to feed itself. DNA testing of the viscera was inconclusive. This mixture flows from the tap for 6 minutes before finally stopping. The tap then starts to release regular water. Agent Yantra exits the bathroom. Manoj Kumar is nowhere to be seen*

**Agent Yantra:** Manoj? 

*Agent Yantra continues to wander around the house until encountering upon a locked door. He removes his gloves places the finger of his mechanical arm on the keyhole and a thin metal wire extends out into it. After a minute the door opens.*

**Agent Yantra:** What's in here? Oh God!

*He covers his nose and mouth in an attempt to not retch. The room is empty aside for 4 cocoons. Two shaped in the size of an adult, one in the shape of an adolescent and the other being the size of a newborn. A long SCP-8752-F proboscis is attached to an adult-sized cocoon. Suddenly one of the cocoons move. She turns to face Agent Yantra.*

**Unidentified female:** Help. Please.

*The woman, whose entire body except her face is encased within a cocoon proceeds to vomit a mixture of cement, viscera and pieces of her own liver on to the floor. She weakly struggles and flails around.*

*The proboscis of the nearby SCP-8752-F instance immediately detaches from the cocoon it was feeding on and proceeds to stab the woman in the back of her neck, killing her instantly.*

**Agent Yantra:** Fuck! 

*The SCP-8752-F instance aims its proboscis at Agent Yantra and proceeds to lunge at him with it. He evades it and grabs with his mechanical arm and proceeds to tug forcefully, ripping the proboscis in two. Blood sprays everywhere. SCP-8752-F screeches loudly, apparently in pain. Its vocalizations reverberate through the walls.*

**Agent Yantra:** God I have to get out of here. Let me call—

*As Agent Yantra is exiting the room, he encounters Manoj Kumar. Without hesitation, Agent Yantra proceeds to unholster his handgun and shoot Manoj Kumar in the face. Manoj staggers back as the bullets embed themselves into his skull, however he seems mostly unaffected. He proceeds to lunge at Agent Yantra.*

**Manoj Kumar:** You bastard! Die you-

*Both men are brought to the ground. They exchange a flurry of punches to each other's faces, leaving them both dazed. After a tussle manages to bludgeon Manoj Kumar to death with his mechanical arm. His head smashes to pieces as Agent Yantra finishes him off.*

**Agent Yantra:** What the hell?

*The ceiling is cracking as copious amounts of blood leaks through. Suddenly its explodes and large fleshy masses of limbs and other external organs extend out. Three facesThey were later identified to be the previous residents of Flat 902. are visible, their expressions are contorted in agony.*

*Agent Yantra takes aim and shoots again. It seems to have little to no effect. With no other option, he attempts to run away. As he does so another juvenile SCP-8752-F instance bursts out of the walls, blocking the exit. Blood and pus start to leak out of the walls. Agent Yantra is cornered.*

*A multitude of arms stretch out from the SCP-8752-F and grab his mechanical arm. He starts to scream.*

**Agent Yantra:** NO, GODDAMMIT! NO!

*The arm is ripped out and SCP-8752-F attempts to subsume it into itself but discards it. The walls around start to crack and more fleshy appendages appear out. Agent Yantra, hurt and losing a limb, hobbles over to the window.*

*The video feed shows Agent Yantra looking down from the 9th floor, and then he looks back at then room. He gulps and steadies himself. Loud screeching and wailing can be heard from behind.* 

**Agent Yantra:** Not that I have a choice.

*He jumps off the window, aiming to fall in the safety net down below. Once he makes impact the video feed cuts off due to damage to the recording camera.* 

**[END LOG]**

 

Agent Yantra managed to escape the encounter with SCP-8752 with major injuries. He was hospitalized for 3 weeks and made a full recovery. He was also provided a replacement for his mechanical arm. Aerial Scanning of Avant Skyparks showed an existence of 38 SCP-8752-F instances within it. The remaining residents were evacuated and standardized containments procedures were applied before destruction. All SCP-8752-M instances working within Minos Realty were neutralized by a MTF raid upon their offices. 

SCP-8752 were never recorded to behave in such an organized manner like this. Hence, following this discovery, Foundation specialists have started work on devising more effective containment methods. There has also been a large increase of mysterious deaths and disappearances within one's residence and new real estate firms being built within the Indian Subcontinent. An increase in funding towards SCP-8752 containment has been approved.

<< [SCP-8751](SCP-8751) | SCP-8752 | [SCP-8753](SCP-8753) >>

[!~~ Do not leave the licensebox empty if your article features an image. ~~]
