---

**Special Containment Procedures**: ~~Any staff showing symptoms of SCP-8511 should immediately be placed in quarantine to prevent further spread of the anomaly. These affected subjects are to remain in containment until effective protocols can be implemented.~~

Testing has discovered that complying with infected subjects’ demands causes the complete neutralization of the anomaly.

---

**Description**: SCP-8511 was a cognitive hazard that infected staff within Site-17, manifested within the idea of a Foundation worker’s strike. Individuals seemed to believe that they were being treated 'unfairly’ for the services they provide, and continually progressed in their contempt to the point where they refused to work until unrealistic demands were met.

Demands include but are not limited to:

* Dental.

* Hazard Pay.

* Renegotiation on PTO policies. 

* Compensation for the families of staff killed on site.

* Holiday Bonus reimplementation.

* Higher pay.

Testing has revealed that infected subjects can stay committed to this strike for extended periods of time, despite the financial burden such actions cause. Some subjects have been observed going behind on bills with no detriment to their conviction.

---

**Discovery**: SCP-8511 was first discovered when Agent Alonzo Moretti, then classified as SCP-8511-1, approached Junior Researcher Regan Morgan in the break room and initiated conversation. What was said between them was unknown but Morgan’s behavior significantly changed following the incident. She communicated with other staff, further spreading the anomaly. It was only when a dozen individuals formed a strike and handed over their demands that the Foundation noticed SCP-8511.

The following is Site Director Charles Gears’ discussion with Ethics Committee Chairman Jeremiah Cimmerian following the anomaly’s discovery:

[BEGIN LOG]

**Cimmerian**: So when were you going to tell me about the strike?

**Gears**: Strike?

**Cimmerian**: Yes strike, you mean to tell me you haven’t noticed half our work force holding picket signs in our parking lot?

**Gears**: Huh, was wondering why no one had been bothering me today. Why are they on strike?

**Cimmerian**: I don’t know, something about dental?

**Gears**: They don’t have dental?

**Cimmerian**: Chuck, I don’t even have dental… Wait, do you have dental?

**Gears**: Oh yeah, I can see them out the window, look at that.

**Cimmerian**: Look, let’s call them up and negotiate demands. Last thing we need is a breach to happen because of preventable disagreements.

**Gears**: Yeah, shouldn’t take long to say fuck no.

**Cimmerian**: … Chuck…

**Gears**: Come on, you know we’re already over budget.

**Cimmerian**: Right, so we shouldn’t let half our workforce do absolutely nothing when we could just meet their demands, and solve the issue.

**Gears**: You’re no fun anymore.

**Cimmerian**: Name one time since you’ve known me that you thought I’d have enjoyed Union busting.

**Gears**: *sips his coffee* You know, it’s kinda crazy how fast they set this all up.

**Cimmerian**: I mean I guess?

**Gears**: One could even call it… anomalous.

**Cimmerian**: … Chuck…

**Gears**: We should really look into this. Could be dangerous.

**Cimmerian**: No. No you are not doing this. We will not be locking these people up for wanting dental.

**Gears**: Hmm… hey Cimmerian, when was your last memetic hazard check up?

**Cimmerian**: … Chuck…

[END LOG]

Following this discussion, Ethics Committee Chairman Jeremiah Cimmerian was discovered to be infected by SCP-8511 and was detained.

---

**Addendum 8511-A**: Following SCP-8511’s discovery, the on-site Task Force was deployed to detain infected individuals. However, the memetic hazard proved too potent and very quickly, the Task Force had become infected by SCP-8511.

The following recording is a discussion between Site Director Charles Gears and his secretary Howard Gillian:

[BEGIN LOG]

**Gears**: You’re fucking kidding! They’re joining them? I sign your checks you fucking cockroaches!

**Gillian**: Yes and it appears another 17% of staff have joined-

**Gears**: Have what?

**Gillian**: Sorry, have become infected.

**Gears**: This is insane! Why did this have to happen today?!

**Gillian**: Should I call up Junior Researcher Morgan to negotiate terms?

**Gears**: Are you kidding, this is all going to blow over. The moment a containment breach happens the higher ups are going to start asking why. Then each and every one of those freeloaders will be disciplined. They thought they weren’t paid enough before, oh ho ho, just wait. I’ll make them think they’re wearing orange jump suits.

**Gillian**: Actually sir, there was already a breach.

**Gears**: Awesome! Tell me how much damage they caused.

**Gillian**: Well… he broke the lock on the door?

**Gears**: … And?

**Gillian**: And that’s it. 049 broke containment, but the moment he found out about the strike he said he’d “die before he broke a picket line” and recontained himself.

**Gears**: … Fuck…

**Gillian**: Sir.

**Gears**: What?

**Gillian**: I’ve had a really bad toothache recently…

**Gears**: …

[END LOG]

Following this, current containment procedures neutralized the anomaly.

<< [SCP-8510](SCP-8510) | SCP-8511 | [SCP-8512](SCP-8512) >>
