[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:info-ayers">:scp-wiki:component:info-ayers</a>

|lang=en[!~~ EN/RU/KO/CN/FR/PL/ES/TH/JP/DE/IT/UA/PTBR ~~]

|page=scp-8983

|authorPage=null

|comments=

= **SCP-8983** - *The Voice of Reason*

]]

---

##### **Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-8983 is to be contained inside a soundproofed box. It poses no threat to staff members and does not require reinforced security. 

If it is removed from containment for any reason, personnel pursuing the anomaly must wear protective hearing devices. 

At no point should this anomaly be contained next to the psychiatric treatment facilities within sites or areas, nor should it be contained in an area where mentally/emotionally vulnerable persons may encounter it.

##### **Description:**

SCP-8983 is a small music box with a golden disc in the middle. The disc is the object's peculiarity, as whenever it is placed in an open environment, it will change shape, and the holes for the needles will also change, playing a unique sound depending on the nearby individual. 

Multiple personnel have observed the golden disc changing, yet no notable side effects have been listed apart from the audible change.

The music box plays a voice, sound, or song that is personally related to the individual; this audible anomaly plays until the end before it moves on to another subject, continues based on the last sound played, or stops playing that track of sounds once the individual is out of range. 

The sounds will continue to play as long as a subject is in range.

When multiple individuals are in range, the box will play a track of sounds for each individual—playing each track to the end before moving on to another subject.

Often, the individual will hear the voices of their deceased relatives asking them to join them or blaming them for their death See Addendum 1 . Alternatively, a meaningful song that the individual recognizes, such as marriage songs or their mother's favourite song. See Addendum 1 

##### **Notable Danger and Discovery:**

The item is considered precarious, as its anomalous quality can be varyingly dangerous depending on the affected individual's mental fortitude and personal circumstances.

Often, the box plays screams and panicked cries. This has been observed to cause considerable distress in unprepared subjects. A particular case relating to the box was the suicide it was recovered from.

<details>
<summary>+ Open Document</summary>

### **Wake Wood County Sheriff's Department**

*Case No:* 21-331820

*Date:* 3rd of March 2021

*Reporting Officer:* PC Dremau

**Incident Report:**

Sandra Baker was found dead on the foot of the entrance stairsteps of her residence; she appeared to have fallen from the roof's ledge above the 7th floor. The roof access was found to have been tampered with; blood stains on the broken lock found on the floor suggest there was a struggle to open the roof access door. 

Ms.Baker was alone when she accessed the roof; the camera's time-stamped footage suggests she made an impact at 1820hrs on March 3rd, 2021. This case appears to be a suicide. 

The fall was roughly twelve (12) feet. 

Her body was difficult to identify, but the visual analysis yielded positive results with her building's manager, and the fact Ms.Baker's front door was left open indicates that it was indeed her. 

The blood report will produce conclusive results, but the ID is, so far, positive.

Clutched in her hand, a wooden music box played the sounds of a boy laughing. The music began to change before it was sealed for evidence.

***Actions Taken:***

According to her work-mate, Jennifer Lorainne, she recently lost her infant child, registered as Timothy Dane, which could be a possible motive for the suicide, but specifics are unknown. Her child is not registered as deceased, but his father is, meaning there are no close relatives to contact regarding this matter.

All of her family members are either deceased or missing, meaning the investigation ended with her close friends.

***Conclusion:***

Sandra Baker appears to have committed suicide by falling from her residence's roof. Evidence includes her blood samples, camera footage, some testimonies, and a retrieved music box. 

I will follow up on that last piece of evidence, as it could be crucial to the investigation.

</details>

As seen, the box appears to have manipulated Sandra Baker's circumstances to get her to listen to her late child's laughter. 

We have located her child's records, according to a text message from Sandra Baker to Blake Simmons on March 1st, 2021: Sandra notified Blake of Timothy Dane's death. Insofar as we are concerned, the box came to her in the time between.

Though we are unsure of the *how*, we know the when. Whatever it may be, a Foundation Liaison retrieved the box the following day.

**Research Addenda**

**D-CLASS TESTING - OCT 2021**

> **Dr Zelph:** Please approach the anomaly.

> **D-105:** Sure.

> [Machine whirrs to life, the disc mutates.]

> **D-105:** What now?

> **Vox Machina:** Oh...hi sweetie!

> **D-105:** What the-? What was that?

> **Vox Machina:** We haven't seen each other in so long! I sure hope you didn't forget about me!

> **Dr.Zelph:** Who is that to you, subject?

> **D-105:** That's my mom, man, that's my mom...she's dead, though; what kind of sick joke is this?

> **Vox Machina:** Oh, it's no joke! I'm really here, sweetie! I hope you didn't forget about me when you committed that *terrible terrible* crime! You left me so so lonely to die.

> **D-105:** That wasn't what happened! [Subject covers his ears] Get me out here...please.

> **Vox Machina:** Don't worry! I won't burden you for too long [thunderous laughter - feedback on microphone].

> [Clair de Lune begins playing]

> **D-105:** Please...I just want to go back; this isn't fair. Please. Please.

> **Dr.Zelph:** What is this song?

> **D-105:** If I tell you, can I leave?

> **Dr.Zelph:** Yes, you may.

> **D-105:** She used to play this to me on the piano...when I was younger. I never got to see her again.

> **Dr.Zelph:** I see, that'll be all for today. Thank you.

> DATA END

**RESEARCHER TESTING - NOV 2021**

> **Dr.Zelph:** Let's get started. [approached box range]

> **Dr.Zelph:** Note: the box range seems to be about 3 meters.

> [Machine whirrs to life, disc mutates.]

> **Vox Machina:** [A soft, snarky female voice rings] It's you again? Didn't we decide to end it?

> **Dr.Zelph:** Note: the subject of voice is my former partner. The voice seems combative.

> **Vox Machina:** Always quick to judge, aren't you? Like you always were. Don't think the sound isn't true. It's what you always know about yourself: you're nothing. 

> **Dr.Zelph:** Funny you should say that; you are also nothing without people next to you. I was wondering if you are sentient or just purely reactive.

> **Vox Machina:** [voice changed to a male voice] Please. Please. Don't do this. I've been through enough! PLEASE I'M-I CAN'T!

> **Dr.Zelph:** That is low...really low.

> **Research Supervisor:** Who is it Doctor?

> **Vox Machina:** [voice becomes deep and distorted, playfully singing] Yooouuuu killed me! Youuuuu killed me! [repeating]

> **Dr.Zelph:** That is my first research subject. It was just a marking experience.

> **Vox Machina:** [Back to the same female voice] AWWW! ARE YOU GETTING ALL SAD NOW? *GUESS WHOSE FAULT THAT IS!*

> **Dr.Zelph:** That's enough for today...

> **Vox Machina:** [the same male voice] Come back again! I miss you tons, kiddo! I-I-I miss you t-t-tons, kiddo!

> **Dr.Zelph:** End the goddamn log.

> DATA END

#### **Psychological Evaluation**

**Subject:** Dr.Zelph

**Reason for Admission:** Severe performance downgrade

**Review:**

After my initial interview with him, the Doctor seems to have undergone some psychological stress or trauma. It is recommended that he take amnestics that would cover a period of a month, though more potent treatments may need to be taken.

During his initial psychological evaluation, he presented signs of depression, anxiety, and post-traumatic-stress. Though his work is wholly hindered, his motor, cognitive, and rational abilities appear to meet the standards.

His exposure to SCP-8983 is notable, as the last subject to come in contact, D-105, was found unconscious in his cell due to multiple self-inflicted wounds. Though alive, his health is in critical condition. 

Dr.Zelph has been marked as unfit for duty; he should take a 3-month psychological break and a 6-month work-related absence. He will not return to work without another psychological evaluation.

Of note: Please ensure we cross-check all affiliations BEFORE assigning researchers to subjects. I suspect the Doctor was in some form affiliated with a D-Class personnel he trialled in his rookie year.

All the best,

Doctor Maize

**An Excerpt From D-105's Trial**

<< [SCP-8982](SCP-8982) | SCP-8983 | [SCP-8984](SCP-8984) >>

=====

**Filename:** 843_1-967x1080.jpg

**Author:** Case Auctions

**License:** Public Domain

**Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:843_1-967x1080.jpg)
