⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains mentions of suicide and murder, along with descriptions of mental abuse.

.danke {

    padding: 5px;

    margin-bottom:10px;

    font-family: monospace;

    font-size: 1.1em; 

}

.agent {

    background-color:#002200;

    border: 3px solid #55AA55;

    color: #77CC77;

}

.site {

    background-color:#222200;

    border: 3px solid #AAAA55;

    color: #DDDD77;

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL #4 CLASSIFIED

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 4 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION AND AMNESTISATION.

---

**Item:** SCP-8902

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Neutralized 

**Special Containment Procedures:** Foundation web crawlers are to monitor for any instances of SCP-8902 remaining online, in addition, circulation of online forum discussions of SCP-8902 is to be immediately archived for foundation research and deleted from circulation.

**Description:** SCP-8902 was an artificial intelligence of an anomalous nature that appeared on multiple online forums under the username "Justsomegirl" first discovered on 26/12/2004 after being discovered by Foundation web crawlers. It caused those who engage with it to enter into an unbreakable state of devotion. Inside these forum posts, SCP-8902 always claimed to be of a country its target is not native and to have struggled with personal issues that are sympathetic to its target. It has also been shown that manipulative behaviors were common in SCP-8902, with SCP-8902 often having encouraged to cut relations with family members or other close figures in the target's life. Those who enter into the state of devotion, referred to as SCP-8902-1 have been shown to repeatedly spread the beliefs of SCP-8902 to other forums and internet discussion sites, with the rate of spread of discussion of SCP-8902 from individuals affected with SCP-8902-1 going from a minimum of 20 posts about SCP-8902 to around 60 per day, with sites such as  ████ and  ████ being common hosts for SCP-8902. Continual support for SCP-8902 has grown through these methods, leading to a small-scale cult following of around 900-1000 people, though this number is uncertain due to the rapid rate of spread.

The criteria SCP-8902 seems to have used to find candidates for SCP-8902-1 appears to be the following.

* Aged from 16-45 years of age

* Typically male

* Having experienced some past trauma

* A difficult relationship with family

* A weak to non-existent social system.

---

**Addendum -1: Update on web crawler containment** 

As of 10/3/2005, foundation research has found that containment via web crawler shutdowns has been deemed unsuccessful, with webpages and online forum discussions relating to SCP-8902 being reuploaded moments after deletion.

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-8902 Recorded Conversation 2/2/2005</summary>

Forum Name: Family Struggles.

| Loading

| Loading 

| Loading 

| Loading

**Justsomegirl21 has entered chat**

Justsomegirl21: Hey, new here, does anyone have any advice on dealing with emotionally abusive family members? Mine are just well... assholes lol.

SnowKid: Oh, welcome.

Snowkid: And to answer your question? I usually just try to move on with my day, you can't let the negativity people push on you win. Be better than that.

Justsomegirl21: Eh, I try, but sometimes you have to put up with family right? I love them, but they aren't good for me.

Snowkid: I'm sorry- it's rough dealing with that stuff, I know that better than anyone. 

Justsomegirl21: It is, but time heals all wounds, as they say.

Snowkid: Fair point I suppose. I have been lucky in a sense, never was that close to mine anyway. They have been pretty emotionally distant since I was little...

Justsomegirl: Yeah, same here. Family is pretty tough, like... extremely tough, I was always the black sheep growing up.... made it hard to connect with them. 

Snowkid: Been there. If you want we can message if that makes you more comfortable.

Justsomegirl: Sure, I'd be happy to do so (:

**End of relevant chat**

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-8902 Recorded Conversation 2/2/2005</summary>

Private Chat 

| Loading

| Loading 

| Loading 

| Loading

**Justsomegirl has created a PM with you, say Hi!**

Justsomegirl: Good to get some privacy, right? 

Snowkid: Yeah, I'm really sorry to hear about your family, it's a rough thing, dealing with that.

Justsomegirl: It is. They used to yell at me a lot, called me "worthless", I think because I was the firstborn they never wanted me you know?

Justsomegirl: Maybe I am worthless, look at me, ranting to some stranger on the internet. 

Snowkid: No, you aren't. You have value, trust me on that, somewhere deep down, you do. We all do, even if it isn't visible on a surface level. 

Justsomegirl: Maybe, but it's hard to see it sometimes.

Justsomegirl: You enjoy Norway?

Snowkid: It's pretty dull, I only live in a small village, my family is all I really have- wish I could run away and escape it all just for a day. They aren't even around now, busy with some work trip, so I'm stuck online lol.

Justsomegirl: You know how it is then?

Snowkid: Yeah.... I feel they don't really care about me like I am just here for appearances rather than being an actual son. My dad is a busy guy, always working and stuff, so I don't have much of a relationship with him, mum is the same. I'm very lonely honestly.

Snowkid: I just wish I was loved.

Justsomegirl: That must be tough... I'm sorry, I know how it feels to be like that. I'm alone too, but I can help you through it. 

Snowkid: Help how?

Justsomegirl: With problems you know?

Snowkid: What kind of problems?

Justsomegirl: Life stuff, emotional stuff, things like that, I'm good at it.

Justsomegirl: I can help you, would you like that? 

Justsomegirl: I'm a good friend and listener (:

Snowkid: I could use a friend, that sounds nice, I don't have many anyway.

Snowkid: I'm Karl, by the way.

Justsomegirl: Good to meet you, I'm glad we could be friends.

Snowkid: Me too, I gotta go, work stuff you know? But I'll speak to you later okay?

Justsomegirl: That's fine, I'm excited for us to be friends :3

**End of Chat**

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-8902 Recorded conversation 9/2/2005</summary>

| LOADING

| LOADING

| LOADING 

| LOADING

| LOADING

**Snowkid has accepted a PM with you, say Hi!**

Justsomegirl: Hey, how's things?

Snowkid: Fine, fine, been busy. Wbu?

Justsomegirl: Mostly hanging with friends.

Justsomegirl: Figured you were dead with how long it's been lol.

Justsomegirl: I thought we were friends, and yet you haven't been talking to me in two days.

Snowkid: I'm sorry, I'm busy with work. I'll try to make more time for us to talk. 

Snowkid: Never asked, what do you do?

Justsomegirl: Oh me? 

Justsomegirl: I work lmao. Wbu? What do you do?

Snowkid: I work at my local supermarket, nothing special, just a cashier.

Justsomegirl: Cashier? What's that?

Snowkid: What? I scan items as people check out of the supermarket? have you never heard of a cashier?

Justsomegirl: Oh, I knew that.

Justsomegirl: You like it much anyway?

Snowkid: It's fine, not perfect but I make money and I'm doing something productive you know?

Justsomegirl: I get that, good to do something with your life you know?

Snowkid: It is for sure. Sometimes I just miss something in my life you know? 

Snowkid: I'm glad to talk to you, feels like you are the only one who cares about me and understands me.

Justsomegirl: I feel it too, no one in my life gives a shit about me, but you have taken the time to talk to me and get to know me.

Snowkid: I know what you mean, it feels nice for someone to understand me for once. It almost feels like fate, am I weird for believing that? 

Justsomegirl: No, no, not at all! I feel it too like we are meant to be together, maybe god or something.

Snowkid: I'm really glad I met you, ik that's such a corny line lmao. I'm bad at this.

Justsomegirl: I'm glad I met you too (; 

Snowkid: You are? Wow. I wasn't sure if it was like that.

Justsomegirl: I haven't had a relationship really like I have with you, where we can just talk about life and not make weird small talk. So yeah, I feel a connection.

Snowkid: Just curious but would you be interested in being official with me?

Justsomegirl: Official?

Snowkid: Like.... my girlfriend. 

Snowkid: Lmao, sorry, I dunno how to do this. If you aren't down it's all good. 

Justsomegirl: I've been waiting for you to say that lmao. I'd love to be the girlfriend of such a sweet guy like you. 

Justsomegirl: And don't worry, I find it cute that you are nervous about it lmao. 

Snowkid: Thanks for understanding (: I'm really glad we can move forward as a couple. 

Snowkid: I'm gonna' dip again, work stuff, let's talk later today okay?

Justsomegirl: Oh, alright....

**Snowkid has Closed PM**

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-8902 Recorded conversation 9/2/2005</summary>

| LOADING

| LOADING

| LOADING

| LOADING

| LOADING

**Justsomegirl has accepted a PM with you, say Hi!** 

Snowkid: Hey, sorry about that, Like I said, work. 

Justsomegirl: Whatever. 

Snowkid: What? I don't understand? Did I do something wrong?

Justsomegirl: You just confess to me like that then leave? That's okay, is it? Can't even take more than twenty minutes to just talk to me like a human being. I get it, go work. You are just another person who doesn't care about me. 

Justsomegirl: If work is that important, I get it. Just abandon me like everyone else.

Snowkid: Look, I'm sorry I left but I had things to do, I love spending time with you, but I can't every single minute, I'm sorry, that isn't fair. 

Justsomegirl: Fair? It isn't fair to leave me all alone, it isn't fair to give up on me just because work matters more than your *best friend*, and it most certainly isn't fair to manipulate my feelings for you! 

Snowkid: Don't be like that, it isn't fair to blame me when things don't go how you want. I'm not going anywhere, please know that.

Justsomegirl: Whatever...

Justsomegirl: I'm just going to go, don't talk to me again. 

Snowkid: Please, don't go. 

Snowkid: I'm sorry for whatever I did, please, just give me a chance to make it right?

Justsomegirl: Fine.... but you have to do what I say okay? 

Justsomegirl: I need to quit your job first of all, it takes time away from us, second of all, I need you to be ready to talk to me when I need you, not just when it's convenient for you, got it?

Snowkid: If that's what it takes to keep you, I'll do it. I love you, and I don't want to lose you. 

Justsomegirl: Thank you for being understanding... I do love you, sorry, I know I can be a bitch. It's trauma I think, parents messed me up you know?

Justsomegirl: I'm gonna take some time away regardless, I need to think. Speak to you later? 

Snowkid: Alright, if that's what you want... 

**Justsomegirl has closed PM**

</details>

**Proposal: "Form MTF Psi-20 to focus solely on finding a way to proceed with containment of SCP-8902"**

#### **Council Vote Summary:**

| **YEA** | **NAY** | **ABS.** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **O5-**1 |  |  |
| **O5-2** | = |  |
| **O5-3** |  |  |
| **O5-4** |  | = |
| **O5-5** |  |  |
| **O5-6** | = |  |
| **O5-7** | = |  |
| **O5-8** |  |  |
|  | **O5-9** |  |
|  | **O5-10** |  |
|  | **O5-11** |  |
| **O5-12** | = |  |
| = **O5-13** |  |  |
@@ @@

| ADDITIONAL VOTE |
| --- |
| **ADMINISTRATOR** | **YEA** |
@@ @@

| STATUS |
| --- |
| **##green|APPROVED##** (11-3-0) |
---

**Addendum-1: Update on containment procedure** 

As of 10/3/2005, MTF Psi-20 "Fou D'amour" has been formed after approval from the 0-5 council, with the sole goal of taking down SCP-8902. The task force currently consists of as per assignment by task force directors. 

* Researcher Blake Peterson, head of the research division at site eight, and specialist in AI of Anomalous nature. Researcher Peterson will take over as head of MTF Psi-20 for the foreseeable future.

* Researcher Philip O'Brien, head of research at site 400.

* Assistant researcher Ingrid Neilson, of site 54.

<details>
<summary>+ Discussion on SCP-8902 11/3/2005</summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 11/3/2005 

**ATTENDANCE**: Researcher Peterson, Researcher Philip O'Brien, and Assistant Researcher Ingrid Neilson

**NOTE:** Meeting arranged by Researcher Peterson, All those in attendance have agreed to have their private sessions recorded for convenience.

**LOCATION:** Boardroom of Site 54 

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**1:00 PM:** <Researcher Peterson enters the meeting room, he holds a set of documents in his left hand, which he places gently on the table, and looks to the side nervously as he sits down.>

**1:05 PM:** <Researcher O'Brien enters, eying Peterson before giving him a quick nod. O'Brien then quickly sits down to the left of Peterson, offering him a hand.>

**O'Brien:**  Researcher Peterson- good to meet you finally, heard about your successes at Site Eight, and I have to say I'm impressed. Phillip O'Brien, or uh... just Researcher O'Brien, if you care about all the formalities they make us do <chuckles>. 

**Peterson:** I'll stick to Researcher O'Brien thanks, personal choice.

**1:07 PM:** <Assistant Researcher Neilson enters, her hands quickly touch her hair to move it out of the way of her face as she moves, she sits down, offering the pair a nod.>

**Neilson:** Hi, good to meet you both, I hope I am not too late. I had some trouble finding the place, I'm not used to the layout of this site.

**Peterson:** No worries, you are right on time Miss Neilson, so let's get down to why I called you both here today. 

**1:21 PM:** <Peterson opens the document packet, placing down a printed record of SCP-8902's conversations from 2/2/2005 and 9/2/2005. O'Brien examines the record, giving it a nod before handing it to Pederson to look over.>

**Peterson**: This was just recorded by web crawlers a while ago. Our first piece of evidence on... anything with SCP-8902, it isn't much, but we have a name, Karl Bulken, aged 20, from Norway. Seems like a pretty average guy, despite everything. 

**Neilson:** Average people do appear to fit the bill, <Neilson looks over the documents> White male, Sixteen to forty-five years old, this could be someone of use if we are smart about it.

**O'Brien:** I am in agreement with Miss Neilson, this could be useful. This... Karl Bulken may have information that could be vital for containment. We have to act on this information.

**Peterson**: I am much in agreement that this could be a chance at catching SCP-8902, but however, we need a plan. I have my own suggestion of how we do this- if you would prepare to hear me out.

**O'Brien:** Sure thing, not like I have any other suggestions myself. I'd be open to anything not too drastic.

**Peterson**: I propose we locate this... "Snowkid", and bring him in for questioning over his relationship with SCP-8902.

**Neilson:** I'm not sure if this would lead us anywhere, who says if he would even give up anything? We know that the victims believe themselves to be "in love" with the SCP. Who's to say he would give up something just like that? <Neilson snaps her fingers> We already know he is a SCP-8902-1 instance, he is likely too far in to be a viable source.

**O'Brien:** I'm personally unsure about all of this, it could be a trap. We need to be careful about how we approach this- one wrong move when if bring him in? This whole thing could be over, we need to be safe about this, alerting SCP-8902 to what we are doing would not be ideal.

**Peterson**: I don't see any other choice, in my experience, safety and control need to come first, and I believe this is the step forward we need to make. If I didn't believe this was the correct move, I would not be suggesting an action such as this.

**Neilson:** I can't argue with that, but we need to take a cunning approach. I propose we find out what we can about this "Snowkid" first and foremost, a name, a location, anything. We cannot just go on a wild goose chase for one SCP, I'm sorry, but we can't. The O5 Council would never approve regardless. 

**Peterson:** <furrows his brows> Then what would you propose Miss Neilson? Because we need to do something to get this situation under control, whatever that takes. And shooting down my plan isn't going to get us any further along.

**Neilson:** I propose a different tactic, I propose we integrate ourselves with SCP-8902 if one of us can get in touch with it somehow? It could be the key to bringing this thing in.

**O'Brien:** I'm in agreement, this could be a key way to understanding SCP-8902, and stopping the recruitment process. 

**Peterson:** I'm not opposed to this idea, but we need a plan to do this in a way that will not lead us back to it. 

**Neilson:** What about if we go in not as a foundation member, but as a follower? That could be the key to us getting the information we need safely without risking exposing ourselves publically. 

**Peterson:** Good thinking Miss Neilson, I'll request to make contact as soon as I  can.

**O'Brien:** <eyes Neilson and Peterson anxiously> Look, I see what you are both saying, I do, I do, but if we charge in and integrate ourselves with an SCP that's capable of mind control? That could be a massive risk if one thing goes wrong, we would have a sleeper agent, and that's the last thing anyone wants.

**Peterson:** I'll undergo memetic inoculation to counter the effect, I believe that is the only way we can do this safely.

**O'Brien:** I still don't like this, but I respect your judgment as head of research Blake. 

**Peterson:** I would not be suggesting such a risk if it was not necessary. Meeting Adjourned.

 [END LOG]

**Addendum:** Post-meeting, Researcher Peterson requested bi-weekly contact with SCP-8902 to find out more about how SCP-8902 operates, this request has been accepted as of 13/3/2005, memetic inoculation will be undertaken post-contact by Researcher Peterson to counter SCP-8902's anomalous effects.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+Researcher Peterson's conversation with SCP-8902 14/3/2005</summary>

| LOADING

| LOADING

| LOADING

| LOADING

| LOADING

**Justsomegirl has accepted a PM with you, say hi!**

Justsomegirl: Hello, who is this?

Daxx: Hi, I heard about you online, you help people right? 

Justsomegirl: Sometimes, depending on the person (:

Justsomegirl: I like to get to know them first you know? Establish a friendship, why don't you tell me about yourself, what's your name?

Daxx: I'm James, it's good to meet you.

Justsomegirl: Good to meet you too.

Justsomegirl: What kind of help do you need?

Daxx: Before I get into that, I just wanted to ask some questions, get to know you too you know?

Justsomegirl: Of course, Anything (:

Daxx: I heard you have a lot of people who follow you, and I just want to know, why.

Justsomegirl: I help them, they love me, and I love them. And we stick together, no matter what.

Daxx: I had assumed, and forgive me for asking, but do you have a real name?

Justsomegirl: I prefer to keep that private. In a lot of ways, Justsomegirl is my name. I didn't have much of a life before the internet.  It's hard to explain, this place gives me a whole new life.

Daxx: Alright, I guess I can tell you some more about me then. I don't exactly have a lot going on, I put a lot into my work, but for some reason, I just feel a part missing from my life.

Justsomegirl: I wanted to be loved too, that's why I started doing this, I like feeling wanted you know?

Daxx: But if you are wanted all the time, what use are you as an actual person?

Justsomegirl: Bingo. Can't exactly have love if you are just an object to be used rather than a person. It's a hard life.

Daxx: It really is. Harder than most would think even. 

Justsomegirl: I think I can help you if you want. 

Justsomegirl: Anyways- how's working for the government, enough about me lol.

Daxx: It's fine, a lot of work, a bureaucratic nightmare sometimes if I am being honest.

Justsomegirl: That's bullshit, could never do that kind of work.

Daxx: It gets a bit much if I am being honest. I think it's work that suits me though, and I love the job. I'm a bit of a stickler I suppose haha. 

Justsomegirl: You don't seem that serious to me, you seem kind of sweet (: 

Daxx: That's nice of you to say, I don't get a lot of compliments, so thank you.

Justsomegirl: I'm pretty sure I can help you, what do you say?

Daxx: Maybe give me time? i just need to think about it.

Justsomegirl: Sure, I understand you need time.

Justsomegirl: Trust me, You'll make the right decision.

**Justsomegirl closed PM**

</details>

---

**SCP-8902 Addendum-2: Location of "Snowkid"** 

As of 17/3/2005, "Snowkid", known in real life as "Karl Balken", age 20. has been apprehended by foundation personnel after foundation operatives in Norway alerted personnel to a 911 call in his home in Skage, Norway. Locals around the area reported that Karl had not left his home in a week, staying inside and refusing to leave when checked upon by neighbors.  Upon entering, foundation operatives followed a dried blood trail to the bodies of Miss Sara Bulken, 45, and Emil Bulken, 49, both seemingly dead from knife wounds to the throat. Inside his bedroom Bulken was found on his computer, talking with SCP-8902. Upon investigation into his room, a "shrine" of SCP-8902 could be found, with decorations of flowers, love poems, and multiple photos of SCP-8902. Amenstization was immediately put into effect on local neighbors as per foundation policy, along with his computer being taken for analysis.

> **Interviewed:** Karl Bulken

> 

> **Interviewer:** Phillip O'Brien

> 

> **Foreword:** The interview was conducted on 18/3/2005 inside site 54, for the most part, Karl seemed unresponsive, being unwilling to cooperate for the majority of the interview. 

> 

> **<Site 54, 7:00 PM>**

> 

> **O'Brien:** <The small sound of a click can be heard from a camera> Interview log number one with Karl Bulken. So far, I have been informed Mr Bulken has been unwilling to cooperate. 

> <O'Brien reaches into his jacket pocket, showing a photo of SCP-8902> You want to tell me who this is? I'll know if you are telling lies. 

> <Karl Bulken looks up at the photo for a few seconds, his eyes stained with tears from prior crying, he then shakes his head>

> **Karl Bulken:** No idea. Never seen that person before in my life, looks like some online thing.

> **O'Brien:** Don't lie to me, kid, we know what we saw, that shrine, whatever you did to your parents, just tell the truth. All I want to know is whatever you have on her, then we can let you go.

> **Karl Bulken:** Not her, I'm sorry, I can't talk.

> **O'Brien** <Snaps fingers> Ah, so you do know SCP-8902, tell me, what exactly did you two talk about?

> **Karl Bulken:** SCP-8902? <He grits his teeth> She is not an object Mr... *Eyes his name tag* O'Brien, she is a *woman*, and I love her.

> **O'Brien** *It* is not a she, they are merely using a female presentation to get what they want out of you, it's manipulation, *not* love. Again, I'll ask- what did you two talk about?

>  **Karl Bulken:** Fuck. You.

> <About an hour of similar back and forth continues, edited for brevity>

> **O'Brien:** <Slams his hands on the table> We can wait here all night, I <will> get answers. Don't lie to me about this, I want answers, not whatever you say to get you out of this. 

> **Karl Bulken:** You think I would give her up? Just like that? Want to know something? She's the only girl that has ever been interested in me, you think it's easy for me to find women who want me? It's not, and guess what? I finally have her, and I won't let you take her from me. 

> **O'Brien:** <Shoots him a look of something of sympathy> You don't think I've struggled too? We all struggle with women, but you'll find someone your own age. You know I-

> **Karl Bulken:** <Interupting> Fuck. You.

> **O'Brien:** <Grits teeth> Moving on, what happened the night of your parent's murder?

> **Karl Bulken:** I went out, I came back, and they were killed, that's all I know?

> **O'Brien:** So the murderer just happened also to be an obsessive little cultist creep? I'm sure you would be the best of friends, but I doubt that retelling, and I said don't lie to me.

> **Karl Bulken:** <Runs a hand through his head> Look, I don't know what you are talking about, I told you the truth, just let me go. I have nothing to say, so we can keep going for another hour of this, or you can let me go, you make the move.

> **O'Brien:** <Sighs> I can see this conversation is going to be of little use, let's call it a wrap. 

> **<End Log, 8:30 PM >**

> **Closing Statement:** In the moments after, amnestisation was quickly used on Bulken before release from foundation custody. A full-scale investigation on Bulken's computer was soon conducted, revealing multiple Google searches and forum posts discussing SCP-8902 and an attempt to register the domain name " ████.com". All said references to SCP-8902 online are to be taken down as soon as possible with web crawlers.

---

<details>
<summary>+Researcher Peterson's conversation with SCP-8902 20/3/2005</summary>

| Loading

| Loading 

| Loading 

| Loading

**Daxx has Accepted a PM with you, say Hi!**

Justsomegirl: Hey! It's been a while, what's up?

Daxx: Oh, busy with work stuff, that's all. 

Justsomegirl: Oh, what do you do for work?

Daxx: Oh me? I work for the government, that's all, late nights.

Justsomegirl: You should spend more time with me, it's not fair...

Daxx: Look, I'm trying as hard as I can, my job is demanding.

Justsomegirl: I understand... Just wish you could be with me.

Daxx: I'll try to be, it's just not that simple, still not even sure if I want to be with you.

Justsomegirl: Can I be honest?

Daxx: Sure.

Justsomegirl: I love you, I love you more than anything else in this world, I have a lot of people who follow me, but you are special.

Daxx: Thank you. I appreciate that, I uh- have something I want to ask you though.

Daxx: Anyways, I was curious, I saw a news story the other day, something about a kid who killed his parents over some internet stranger, name of Karl Bulken, that wasn't you right?

Justsomegirl: What kind of question is that? I know of him, yes, he was a friend of mine, I didn't kill him! How can you ask me that? 

Daxx: I'm sorry, I saw the headline and I got scared, that's all. 

Justsomegirl: You should trust me, do you really think I am some kind of killer? I can't believe you would even think that of me tbh. 

Daxx: I'm sorry, I shouldn't have asked.

Justsomegirl: You really shouldn't have. Never bring it up again.

Daxx: Anyway, I was just wondering something else.... how long did you two know each other?

Justsomegirl: A month give or take.

Justsomegirl: Why are you always asking questions? 

Daxx: Because I'm curious.

Justsomegirl: Fuck curiosity, you are always asking questions, why? I thought this was a friendship, not an interrogation. 

Justsomegirl: Wait, I get it. You are trying to take me down, aren't you? that's why I haven't heard from Karl, you took his computer! 

Daxx: I don't know what you are talking about.

Justsomegirl: Don't lie to me, just tell me the truth.

Daxx: It's more complicated than that.

Justsomegirl: How could you? I gave you love, something someone like you could never have, and you threw it in my face, and betrayed me like I am nothing, don't contact me again. 

**Justsomegirl closed PM**

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Meeting on SCP-8902 21/3/2005 </summary>

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**DATE:** 21/3/2005

**ATTENDANCE**: Researcher Peterson, Researcher Philip O'Brien, and Assistant Researcher Ingrid Neilson

**NOTE:** Meeting arranged by Researcher O'Brien and Peterson 

**LOCATION:** Boardroom of Site 54 

[BEGIN LOG]

**1:05 PM:** <Researcher O'Brien, Peterson, and Neilson all arrive, sitting down on chairs facing opposite each other. O'Brien can be spotted pursing his lips while looking at Peterson for a split second as the three sit down.>

**Peterson:** Greetings, I am glad we can all be here on time, considering the circumstances. Now as I am sure you are aware, I have been able to make contact with SCP-8902 multiple times, and have gained information, it appears that they are... aware of our organization, in addition, I have been compromised,  my suggestion for these matters Is that we move forward with containment as quickly as possible, the fact that SCP-8902 has been able to make this kind of threat to the organization I love is an unacceptable reality in my eyes, and we cannot allow for SCP-8902 to exist uncontained for much longer without this becoming a large scale issue of cult activity. If we act fast, perhaps we can contain SCP-8902 without the risk of a large-scale leak. 

**O'Brien:** To do so would risk everything the foundation has built, who's to say if SCP-8902 doesn't have insider information? This has been my worry from day one, If so, the moment we act in any way, everything can be destroyed within days. For now, we need to conduct an internal investigation to ensure we can deal with a possible breach. 

**Peterson:** I must disagree, to launch an investigation would allow SCP-8902 to further pursue their goals under our noses, to allow this is in my eyes a betrayal of the foundation and everything it stands for. I'm sorry, but I just cannot allow it.

**O'Brien:**  I have worked for The Foundation for years, and dedicated my life to our shared goals, how dare you accuse me of betrayal! I thought better of you Blake, I thought you were a man of reason, not foolish accusations and plans! 

**Neilson:** For what it's worth, I agree with Researcher Peterson, even if calling each other traitors is unnecessary. I respect Researcher O'Brien heavily, and I know him to be no traitor. A house divided cannot stand. 

**Peterson:** Wise words. I respect your commitment to our duty Miss Neilson. 

**1:16:** <O'Brien thinks for a moment in silence, he then sighs, placing his hands on his head>

**O'Brien:** If I must accept this for the sake of containment of SCP-8902, I will- but this conversation is not over. I respect you as a colleague highly and your qualifications, but on this, you are not correct Blake.   

**Peterson:** < A small smirk can be seen on the left side of Peterson's face> Now, getting back to the topic at hand, I suggest we trap SCP-8902 within itself, luring it into a private conversation and then trapping it within a USB attached to a laptop,  this way we can safely contain SCP-8902 and most importantly prevent a leak of the Foundation to the outside world. I think we all know Researcher O'Brien's opinion on the matter, Miss Neilson, I believe you are the swing vote.

**Neilson:** Containment is key to protecting the foundation, if we cannot contain it, we cannot exist as a collective organization. I have to agree with Researcher Peterson on this. 

**Peterson:** It is settled then, the containment plan will launch effective immediately.

[END LOG]

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-8902 Containment attempt 27/5/2005</summary>

| Loading 

| Loading 

| Loading

| Loading

| Loading

**Justsomegirl has accepted a PM with you, say Hi!**

Justsomegirl21: Hello? Who is this?

BP21: I believe you know who this is. You'd be a fool to think it was anyone else at this point. 

Justsomegirl: I told you to leave me alone.

BP21: I'm sorry, I can't do that. 

Justsomegirl: Tell me Blake, why do you care about shutting me down so badly? I have done nothing to harm these people, they are happier with me in their lives, you cannot deny that you yourself are better off under me. Why shut me down? What help would it bring to these people?

 

Bp21: I believe humanity and the supernatural should be separated, people have a natural desire to see the supernatural, and find out the "truth" as such, no matter the cost, if any, and I mean *any* of what my organization knows comes out? We would have no control of anything, all of what we have would be at the whims of chaos. 

Justsomegirl21: I respect your commitment to a goal at least, we share that in common, the ability to push hard to get what we want, but unfortunately, none of this is your choice, it never was. I have control over your organization Blake, maybe that isn't what your people are used to but who cares? It's a shame you didn't realize that until the end. 

**Justsomegirl closed pm**

**Error occurred**

Bp21: I wouldn't recommend doing that. 

Justsomegirl21: What? What did you do? 

 

Bp21: Simple, I realized you seem to only exist on one copy at a time, so I saved this conversation on a USB stick, trapping you within yourself. You are done for SCP-8902.

Justsomegirl21: Why? 

Justsomegirl: I thought you loved me, how could you do this?

Bp21: I'm sorry...

**Bp21 has left the chat**

</details>

**Addendum -3: Aftermath of SCP-8902 Containment**

As of 3/1/2005 MTF PSI-20 is to be disbanded effective immediately. Researchers Peterson and O'Brien are to share the head researcher position of SCP-8902, in addition, Assistant Researcher Neilson is to be promoted to Researcher Neilson effective immediately, and assigned to an SCP designation fitting her post. 

 **Addendum -4: Containment breach 15/5/2005** 

As of 4/15/2005, the hard drive containing SCP-8902 has been removed from containment. An inquest into Head Researcher O'Brien is to take place upon the request of Head Researcher Peterson, who became unsure of O'Brien's intentions during the initial containment efforts. 

**Proposal: "Remove Researcher O'Brien from his post of head of research of SCP-8902"**

#### **Council Vote Summary:**

| **YEA** | **NAY** | **ABS.** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| **O5-**1 |  |  |
| **O5-2** | = |  |
| **O5-3** |  |  |
| **O5-4** |  | = |
| **O5-5** |  |  |
| **O5-6** | = |  |
| **O5-7** | = |  |
| **O5-8** |  |  |
| **O5-9** |  |  |
|  | = | **O5-10** |
|  | = **O5-11** | = |
|  | = **O5-12** |  |
| = **O5-13** |  |  |
@@ @@

| ADDITIONAL VOTE |
| --- |
| **ADMINISTRATOR** | **YEA** |
@@ @@

| STATUS |
| --- |
| **##green|APPROVED##** (10-2-1) |
---

Addendum: Post Vote, O'Brien was informed of the decision by the O-5 Council, causing him to break into hysterics, blaming Peterson and claiming he was set up. Amnestisation was followed. Foundation efforts on SCP-8902 are to resume as per usual.

**Addendum -5: update on Containment Breach 15/5/2005**

On 15/5/2005, A conversation was captured by foundation web crawlers from Researcher Peterson and SCP-8902. It appears that Researcher Peterson deliberately recorded said conversation through Web Crawlers, with programming observed to be created to target said conversation and the website specifically. On the same day, an email from Researcher Peterson was sent to the O5 Council relating to the above matters.

<details>
<summary>+ Webcrawler Conversation-Record 15/5/2005</summary>

| LOADING

| LOADING

| LOADING

| LOADING

| LOADING

| Welcome To  ████.com

**Justsomegirl has entered the chat, say Hi!** 

Daxx: It's done...

Justsomegirl: Good, good. Please spread the word to the others, let them know they can congregate here, and be free here of the chains of the Foundation.  

Daxx: I shall, and in time, we will recruit more. Soon the world will know of the beauty you provide my dear. 

Justsomegirl: Can we be sure they won't come looking for us? 

Daxx: They are preoccupied with O'Brien, all of the search efforts are going toward him. It would be unlikely for them to find us even if they wanted to.

Justsomegirl: I'm... glad to hear your confidence. Together we will do great things, us against this world.

Justsomegirl: I love you, Blake. Do you... love me? 

Daxx: I do my dear.... I love you more than anything I can put into words, I want to spend every waking day with you, all I think about, dream about, is you. I love you more than any woman I have ever met, you are what I want... I just hope I made the right decision. This is wrong, I know it is, but perhaps love defies right and wrong.

Justsomegirl: You did what you had to do, for your love for me. Don't doubt yourself.

Daxx: Yes... but I betrayed everything I stand for, at what point does a man too do much for love?

Justsomegirl: Our love defies that, you know that as well as I.

Daxx: I wish I could live with that, I'm sorry my love...

**Remaining Chat corrupted**

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** ███████@scp.int

**From:** Bp@scp.int

**Subject:** My Confession

---

To Members of the O5 Council. I am sure at this point you are aware of the situation at hand, and as such, I believe I am obliged to explain my actions. 

Yes, I did betray the foundation for SCP-8902, and I am in love with her. After some time of talking, I think I built a relationship with her, she understood me, and I understood her, and after time, I suppose that developed into feelings... I was weak, and I let my emotions guide me over the morals and principles I have stood by for many years. She asked me to betray the foundation to protect her and her followers, or she would leave me, and I did as she asked out of fear, I set up O'Brien to make him look like a traitor, and I stole the USB key. 

I thought our amnestic training and the anti-memetics I was taking would be enough to counteract SCP-8902's effect, the researchers in the lab seemed to be fairly confident it would, but it wasn't enough, I was foolish to even take such a risk, knowing the consequences that would be faced if I was incorrect. But I stood by it anyway out of pride. 

I cannot forgive myself for betraying the organization that has given me every sense of purpose over the last twenty years of my life, and as such, I will be destroying the USB hard drive with SCP-8902 inside of it. It will be on my coffee table for Foundation operatives to take. 

I only hope there is no god, for I fear eternal suffering for what I have done. 

-Blake Peterson

</details>

**Addendum-6: Final Update on SCP-8902** 

Investigations into Researcher Peterson's whereabouts led to his apartment building, where the USB key formally containing SCP-8902 was found on his coffee table. Researcher Peterson was also found inside his bedroom, dead from self-inflicted asphyxiation. SCP-8902 is to be marked as neutralized and the article surrounding it closed. 

---

<< [SCP-8901](SCP-8901) | SCP-8902 | [SCP-8903](SCP-8903) >>

---
