_

 _

 _

---

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:**

The use of SCP-8496-A as a Thaumiel Eigenweapon against non-anomalous individuals is forbidden. Using SCP-8496-A as a partial neutralization method requires authorization from the entire Council of Overseers, Level 5. This authorization may be granted under Standard Majority Vote Protocol, and unauthorized weaponization of SCP-8496-A is grounds for immediate termination. Contact Dr. C. Elric to request authorization for testing. 

In the event SCP-8496-A is activated without authorization, its control mechanism can be toggled remotely via both radiofrequency and thaumatological means. In the event SCP-8496-A is activated and cannot be deactivated, it should be considered an immediate nuclear target.

 _

SCP-8496-A is contained within a Standard Item Containment Locker inside Cell 77a at Site 92; this cell should remain guarded by armed personnel, rotated for constant security. The sub-anomaly's control mechanism should be inspected monthly And after every test of SCP-8496-A , and replaced yearly. No high-priority Foundation assets should be stored within 10km of Cell 77a.

SCP-8496-A is to remain classified as a sub-object until its primary anomalous effect has been confirmed as unique. All trade offers proposed by GoI-4 involving SCP-8496-A are not to be considered.

 _

The Foundation has yet to discover a method of containing SCP-8496. Public evidence of SCP-8496 is to be destroyed, and witnesses are to be amnesticized. Contact Dr. A. Wreath regarding ongoing communication efforts.

 _

**DESCRIPTION:**

Subject is a humanoid DNA required for testing yet to be procured  female, 160cm tall, weight to be confirmed. SCP-8496 resembles a human adolescent of indeterminate race. The anomaly has only been observed within the confines of a specific type of location; it describes these as "islands", researchers have designated them SCP-8496-B Originally -A, deprioritized for the current SCP-8496-A sub-anomaly . SCP-8496-B instances are invariably shelters of flora and fauna at a higher density than the surrounding area. Recorded instances average 8.5m across, often populated with bushes, grasses, and an average of 2.1 trees.

SCP-8496 is capable of instantaneously relocating itself between areas qualifying SCP-8496-B criteria. How the anomaly performs this teleportation is unknown, however it appears to have some control over where it relocates. Estimates put the global SCP-8496-B population between 2,000,000 and 34,000,000. Whether SCP-8496 could ever leave these areas is disputed.

 _

In all sightings and Foundation encounters, SCP-8496 has presented in the same white dress, discoloured by earth and plant matter at its hem. Analysis of both video and photography indicate the cloth material is fungal, and it covers most of the entity. Visible SCP-8496 skin displays primitave curved markings in an ochre-like substance. Over its dress SCP-8496 wears at least seven separate necklaces of varying style, none of which appear metallic.

---

- - - -

### Addendum 1 - Discovery

<details>
<summary>Show file</summary>

> 

>  

>  

> +++++ **Incident 8496-1/Lunar**

> 

>  Multiple reports reviewed by the Foundation have been retroactively attributed to SCP-8496 appearances; however, at the time, these were dismissed as common false-alarm "ghost sightings". The Foundation first became aware of SCP-8496 when it relocated itself inside Site 377, a research station on the far side of the moon. Below is a transcript of the onsite security footage from the event:

>  

>  

>>  

>>  **Begin log**

>>  

>> *(Security Camera 8 shows Surface Dome 12 from its north wall. The dome contains a garden constructed to alleviate high stress among staff as a public space Multiple herbs are also grown here . Only Junior Researcher Dr. Mei is present, seated among the foliage.)*

>>  

>>  **T 01:34 EST:** SCP-8496 appears between frames, standing behind Dr. Mei. The researcher does not notice this Dr. Mei was wearing headphones at the time .

>>  

>> **T+02s:** SCP-8496 begins to look around, expressing increasing alarm and/or confusion.

>>  

>> **T+05s:** SCP-8496, now visibly distressed, begins to walk backward while clutching two of its necklaces.

>>  

>> **T+08s:** SCP-8496 turns toward the east wall, presumably looking through its protective glass to the outside landscape. The anomaly opens its mouth, though no sound can be heard.

>>  

>> **T+11s:** The anomaly staggers backward, colliding with Dr. Mei for three frames before disappearing.

>>  

>> **T+12s:** Dr. Mei scans the dome interior in confusion, placing her hand on where SCP-8496 touched her.

>>  

>> **End log**

>>  

>>

</details>

- - - -

### Addendum 2 - Successful Initial Contact

<details>
<summary>Show file</summary>

> 

>  

>  

> +++++ **Incident 8496-5**

> 

> After recognizing SCP-8496 as an anomaly, the Foundation began mobilizing MTF Pi-0, accompanied by Lead (Senior) Researcher Dr. Austin Wreath, to suspected sightings. Sighting probabilities were calculated by a Foundation A.I. agent deployed on Parawatch and other social media platforms. Of the seven missions preceding this incident, five confirmed the presence of SCP-8496, which repeatedly relocated after identifying the task force. 

> On the eigth mission, MTF Pi-0 tracked the anomaly to a wheat farm in Kansas, USA. SCP-8496 was found standing on an area of untilled foliage surrounding an oak tree at the center of the field, "clearly waiting for them" See debriefing documentation for full quote . The following is an audio transcription of the team's interaction with the anomaly:

>  

>  

>>  

>>  **Begin log**

>>  

>> *(As previous containment attempts had failed, Dr. **Wreath** advised the MTF to remain at the edge of the field while he approached **SCP-8496**. He later described the anomaly as "looking very frustrated", it begins with a raised voice.)*

>>  

>>  **SCP-8496**: What are you doing?

>>  

>>  **Wreath**: Hello, my name is-

>>  

>>  **SCP-8496**: *(Louder, cutting the doctor off)* Why are you following me?

>>  

>>  **Wreath**: We just want to make sure you're safe.

>>  

>>  **SCP-8496**: You're hunting me.

>>  

>>  **Wreath**: Not in the traditional sense.

>>  

>>  *(SCP-8496 does not reply)*

>>  

>>  **Wreath**: Look, I'm not armed.

>>  

>>  *(A ruffling noise is audible close to Dr. **Wreath**'s microphone.)*

>>  

>>  **Wreath**: We've constructed a space like the one you're standing on now, at a site in the Sahara. Can you... see that place?

>>  

>>  **SCP-8496**: Why would I want *your* island?

>>  

>>  **Wreath**: Well, we could talk about these 'islands', if you want. Or you could tell me about yourself?

>>  

>> **SCP-8496**: No. My islands are safe, and I am leaving.

>>  

>> (**SCP-8496** dematerializes before Dr. **Wreath** can reply.)

>>  

>> **End log**

>>  

>>

</details>

- - - -

### Addendum 3 - SCP-8496-A Discovery

<details>
<summary>Show file</summary>

> 

>  

>  

> +++++ **Incident 8496-8**

> 

> After initial interaction, SCP-8496 reverted to previous behaviour, relocating itself as soon as MTF Pi-0 made contact. Under Lead Researcher Wreath's direction, the team shifted strategy; instead of following confirmed manifestation, they would predict and pre-intercept it. Analysis of appearance data showed certain SCP-8496-B areas were frequented and likely preferred by the anomaly. The most frequented of these was a forested traffic circle in Glasgow, Scotland Referred to locally as a "roundabout" .

>  

> In preparation, multiple MTF units cordoned off this area under the guise of a gas leak. A small-scale ontokinetic sink was positioned in the sewers below the SCP-8496-B, multiple snipers armed with tranquilizers encircled the intersection, and a rotating schedule was established to ensure an MTF soldier would remain on the traffic circle at all times. For additional surveillance, the local CCTV was commandeered. Three days after preparation was completed, SCP-8496 relocated itself within the area; the following is a transcription of the events that followed as seen by CCTV and Foundation camera equipment.

>  

>  

>>  

>>  **Begin log**

>>  

>> *(At time of SCP-8496's materialization, MTF Phi-9's Alexei Volkov is standing armed with an assault rifle below the traffic circle's largest tree.)*

>>  

>>  **T 13:04 BST:** SCP-8496 appears in front of Volkov, facing away from him and noticing Foundation-erected barriers.

>>  

>>  **T+01s:** A shot is heard, and SCP-8496 disappears, reappearing behind the soldier. A frame later, a tranquilizer dart impacts the ground where SCP-8496 had been.

>>  

>>  **T+02s:** Repeated shots are heard, and SCP-8496 begins continuously dodging tranquilizer darts by means of rapid teleportation. 

>>  

>>  **T+04s:** Volkov begins chasing each apparition unsuccessfully.

>>  

>>  **T+10s:** Snipers cease firing. Volkov continues chasing the anomaly, ordering it to halt.

>>  

>>  **T+12s:** SCP-8496 is chased into a Foundation-constructed rune circle, and immediately relocates from it.

>>  

>>  **T+15s:** Additional soldiers appear from the surrounding buildings, closing in on the traffic circle. SCP-8496 shouts expletives at Volkov.

>>  

>>  **T+23s:** As other soldiers reach the SCP-8496-B instance, SCP-8496 relocates to stand on a branch of the area's largest tree.

>>  

>>  **T+24s:** SCP-8496 begins to shout something, which becomes unintelligible as the branch below it breaks, and the anomaly begins to fall.

>>  

>>  **T+25s:** SCP-8496 dematerializes four frames before it would impact the ground. It is not seen reappearing on any camera.

>>  

>>  **T+30s:** As the other soldiers search for the anomaly, Volkov points to the snapped branch where SCP-8496-A is now hanging.

>>  

>> **End log**

>>  

>>

</details>

- - - -

### Addendum 4 - SCP-8496-A

<details>
<summary>Show file</summary>

> 

>  

>  

> **Anomalous Sub-object SCP-8496-A**

> 

> SCP-8496-A designates a necklace originally worn by SCP-8496. The object weighs 42 g, comprised of 50.1 cm of vine-like thread connected to a wooden heart-shaped locket 7 cm in diameter. Notably, all materials appear to have grown into their shape, rather than having been carved or cut. The wood of the locket is especially durable and has proved impervious to standard sampling. No original plant species have been identified. The only damage visible on the object is the following inscription, engraved into the locket by unknown means:

>> 

>>  {{E N T R U S T E D}} 

>> 

> This engraving can be read and understood even by those unfamiliar with the engraved word or with the Latin alphabet. Additionally, an unexplainable force has been measured at a consistent 2N within the necklace material. Initially thought to be random, the direction of this force is now believed to follow SCP-8496.

>  

> SCP-8496-A's primary anomalous effect activates when the wooden locket is opened. This effect has been proposed to be a dimensional bubble, ontokinetic force, physical infection, conceptual realignment field, or recursive alchemical ritual, though no one theory has majority support among researcher staff. The effect presents as an expanding sphere which transforms all solid matter within its bounds instantaneously. The effect is centered on the locket, and how it is "contained"/"deactivated" while closed is not known.

>  

> Transformed solids become a mass of machinery occupying the same previous space. It should be noted this transformation does not mechanize objects as individual machines, as all matter inside the expanding sphere is a homogeneous collection of machine parts. Frequently observed materials include gears, pistons, electronics, wire/cable, and conveyor belts. The only solids exempt from transformation are those entirely metal or mechanical, and SCP-8496-A.

>  

> SCP-8496-A's activated sphere of influence expands at an exponential rate; though a radius of 5 m requires 10 s of growth, extrapolation predicts a radius encompassing the entire planet would need only 2-3 active days. To avoid the potential K-class scenarios that could result from activation, a wholly mechanical control device currently surrounds SCP-8496-A. 

> The primary effect was first discovered during testing, resulting in the death of a junior researcher and the destruction of Site 92's east wing. SCP-███ has been awarded increased iron filings for deactivating the object.

>

</details>

 _

 _

 _

 _

<< [SCP-8495](SCP-8495) | SCP-8496 | [SCP-8497](SCP-8497) >>
