=====

=====

:root {

  ~~logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/secure-facility-dossier-site-58/58logo.png);

  --title: "SITE-58:";

  --subtitle: "BRIDGING THE GAPS BETWEEN US";

}

.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

/* Borrowed from SCP-3984! */

.outside {

  margin: 2em -6em;

  padding: 1em 10em;

  --narration-color: rgba(214, 234, 248,1);

  background: var(--narration-color);

  background: linear-gradient(90deg, rgba(255,255,255,0) 0%, var(~~narration-color) 20%, var(~~narration-color) 80%, rgba(255,255,255,0) 100%);

  z-index: -2;

}

/* Make the blue bois that are within the document have smaller margins so they break flow less*/

.outside.inline {

  margin: 1em -6em;

  padding: 1px 10em;

}

.entry {

   background: #fcfcfc;

   margin: 1em 3em;

   padding: 0.75rem;

   border: solid 2px grey;

   text-align: center;

}

**Special Containment Procedures:** Direct interaction with SCP-8558-1 instances may only be undertaken with approval from the Site Director and current head of the Department of Zoological Studies. Individuals may not enter SCP-8558-1's containment chamber without full hazmat protections. All individuals leaving SCP-8558-1's containment must undergo advanced biohazard cleaning protocols and will be placed under mandatory quarantine for a period of no less than 2 weeks. Personnel who report SCP-8558-2 symptoms shall remain in quarantine indefinitely. Research into a cure for exposure to SCP-8558-2 is considered a top priority.

All requests for euthanasia are to be denied.

**Description:** SCP-8558 refers to a pair of interconnected anomalies:

**SCP-8558-1:** A species of humanoid, non-sapient, amphibious creatures superficially resembling *Salmo salar* (Atlantic salmon) ranging between 2-3 meters in height. X-ray analysis has revealed that all of SCP-8558-1's reproductive organs are covered with a thick layer of protective flesh and scales, allowing eggs to develop internally.

SCP-8558-1's primary anomalous traits derive from the species' mutualistic relationship with SCP-8558-2. SCP-8558-1 instances are all naturally infected with SCP-8558-2, and it is believed to play a key role in their reproductive process. Individuals that have been "cured" of SCP-8558-2 in controlled settings are effectively rendered sterile and unable to participate in SCP-8558-1 spawning practices.

**SCP-8558-2:** A viral infection originating in SCP-8558-1. SCP-8558-2 remains dormant in SCP-8558-1 instances, activating during SCP-8558-1 spawning season. Upon activation, SCP-8558-1 instances will experience a sudden release of sex hormones and endorphins. SCP-8558-1's outer flesh will begin to slough off, allowing access to their reproductive organs by a prospective mate.This process is believed to result in little to no pain for SCP-8558-1. Current research indicates that the process is somewhat pleasurable for the species, as individuals have been seen assisting one another with the removal of flesh as part of the mating ritual. Once mating has concluded, SCP-8558-2 begins to rapidly regenerate flesh lost in the process of mating.On average, a standard SCP-8558-1 instance can lose upwards of 50-60% of its bodyweight during the mating process, all of which is restored within 12-24 hours following successful mating.

SCP-8558-2's effects on SCP-8558-1 continues up until the individual successfully mates. SCP-8558-1 instances that do not successfully mate will continue to lose flesh without regenerating. These instances have been seen continuing the search for a mate even following the loss of vital organs and large quantities of blood, and will only perish after the loss of the majority of their brain tissue.

Recent discoveries have revealed that SCP-8558-2 is a zoonotic disease.

**Addendum 8558.1:** Initial Zoonotic Infection

**Forward:** The following footage was recovered from Site-58's Zoological Anomaly Containment Wing. Footage features a research endeavor led by the chair of the Zoological Studies Department, Dr. Zacharias Hanneman, into the mating habits of SCP-8558-1.

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Dr. Hanneman, Researcher Benedict Harrison, and Researcher Aaron Pollus stand in the decontamination chamber leading to SCP-8558-1's containment.*

**Hanneman:** Everyone suited up?

*Various murmurs of assent are heard from the gathered personnel, as everyone finishes putting on hazmat suits.*

**Hanneman:** Perfect. Remember, stay clear from 8558-1. The buggers get *mean* when they're in heat and the last thing I need to do is fill out an incident report. Buddy system, and all that jazz.

*Hanneman opens the door to SCP-8558-1's containment. Harrison and Pollus recoil.*

**Harrison:** Jesus it reeks in here.

**Pollus:** Through the suits even...

**Hanneman:** Oh! Good, that means they've begun! Quick, duck into the shrubbery over there, and be quiet!

*Hanneman pushes both researchers down into the bushes near an artificial river in SCP-8558-1's chamber. Two instances can be seen approaching one another.*

**Harrison:** Alright, got the audio recorder live.

**Pollus:** Video is live too. We're set?

**Hanneman:** ... Ah, I forgot to grab my tablet. Difficult to get notes on it all without it, you know. Pardon me just a moment, gentlemen, I'll be right back.

*Hanneman rises to his feet and runs back to the entrance of the containment chamber.*

**Pollus:** That man would lose his head if it wasn't screwed on.

**Harrison:** Remember that time he forgot to close the door to the [ Squonk's](SCP-6968 ) chamber, babe?

*Pollus stifles a laugh.*

**Pollus:** It took us almost a *week* to find the crybaby! The .aic guys kept hearing it cry in the vents and thought they were being haunted!

*Both begin to laugh. One of the SCP-8558-1 instances turns its attention towards the shrubbery.*

**Harrison:** Oh! Shh, look!

*The instance begins to lumber towards the shrubbery, chittering.*

**Pollus:** Uhh... Benny we should probably move.

**Harrison:** No, no, this is great. We'll get to see it up and close!

**Pollus:** Benny, we're supposed to avoid direct interaction. This is a breach of protocol.

**Harrison:** No, see?

*The instance regards the researchers, cocking its head slightly. Harrison approaches it with an outstretched hand. The instance lowers its head, allowing Harrison to pet it.*

**Harrison:** If I had to guess this one's a female, see that bulge in her side there?

*Pollus sighs before approaching.*

**Pollus:** Would explain why she's so docile, I guess.

**Harrison:** Males of quite a few species tend to be the most sexually aggressive and animalistic after all.

**Pollus:** Oh, har har. You don't need to stare me down when you say that.

*Harrison gently strokes the instance. A small chunk of its epidermis peels away under his touch. He takes Pollus's hand and guides it towards the instance. Pollus intitially recoils, but allows Harrison to press his hand against the instance. Its flesh continues to flake off as the two stroke its side.*

**Harrison:** Oh, you're about ready, huh, girl?

*The instance chitters, before standing upright. The researchers turn, and see another SCP-8558-1 instance approaching.*

**Pollus:** ... Benny we should probably--

*The instance bellows and charges at the shrubbery.*

**Pollus:** Benny, MOVE IT!

*Pollus grabs Harrison's hand. Both begin to run towards the exit.*

**Harrison:** Augh! Shit!

*Harrison trips over an exposed root and tumbles to the ground. Pollus rushes to his side.*

**Harrison:** I'm fine, I--

*The SCP-8558-1 instance reaches the tree and lunges towards Harrison. Before it can reach him, Pollus intercepts and checks it with his shoulder. The anomaly is sent tumbling back, a large chunk of flesh peeling back as it hits the ground. It scrambles back to its feet, hissing as the chunk of flesh falls away. It slashes at Pollus, who kicks it and knocks it to the ground once more. He slides over to Harrison and reaches out his hand.*

**Pollus:** Can you stand?

**Harrison:** Y-yeah. Thanks, babe.

*Pollus helps Harrison to his feet. Hanneman returns, stun gun drawn.*

**Hanneman:** Are you two alright?!

*The SCP-8558-1 instance returns to its feet and bellows. Hanneman shoots it with the stun gun, and it collapses to the ground, spasming.*

**Pollus:** Yeah, I--

*Pollus recoils in pain, grabbing his leg. Hanneman moves his hand away, revealing a large cut through his hazmat suit and an open gash in his leg below it.*

**Hanneman:** Shit. Shit shit shit.

**Harrison:** What's wrong?

**Pollus:** It's nothing, I'm all good. Just a quick cleanup--

*Hanneman pulls out his portable radio, and moves between Pollus and Harrison.*

**Hanneman:** Hey medical? Prep a quarantine bay ASAP.

<END LOG>

---

**Afterword:** Researcher Pollus was placed into mandatory quarantine to track for signs of potential SCP-8558-2 infection, with Dr. Hanneman and Researcher Harrison held under quarantine in separate chambers. Dr. Hanneman and Researcher Harrison were released following a decontamination shower and blood test that reported negative for SCP-8558-2 infection.

Researcher Pollus's quarantine status was upgraded to "indefinite" following confirmation of the first human SCP-8558-2 infection.

**Addendum 8558.2:** Video Log #1

**Date:** 7/8/25

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Pollus sits at a desk in his quarantine dorm. The room behind him is sterile and organized. He speaks into a camera.*

**Pollus:** I think I set this up right?

*He reaches out and adjusts the camera.*

**Pollus:** Good enough. Uh, hey? I'm Researcher Aaron Pollus, today's date is... August 7th, 2025. I've been in quarantine for two days now.

*Pollus adjusts himself in his seat.*

**Pollus:** I was asked by the Medical Department to keep a daily video log to help track my condition. It's weird honestly, being a test subject for once. Bravely diving into the unknown! I bet I'll get a medal or something for this when it's all over. I hope I do. Medals are cool.

*He chuckles.*

**Pollus:** Anyway, so far so good. I don't really *feel* different in any way. A little warm, and... oh!

*He rises to his feet and attempts to lift his leg up to the camera, stumbling at first. After some struggle, he's able to show his prior injury from SCP-8558-2 to the camera.*

**Pollus:** The really notable thing is that this injury here isn't healing, but get this!

*He sticks his finger into the wound, pushing the flesh back and widening it. Muscle and tendons are visible underneath.*

**Pollus:** It doesn't hurt at all! Honestly we might be able to figure out how to make some strong anesthetic from this.

*He puts his leg back down and chuckles to himself.*

**Pollus:** Can't say I'm thrilled with quarantine, but hey. We should've been more careful around a bunch of horny fishmen anyway. Hindsight is 20/20 and all that, lesson learned.

*He blows a kiss to the camera, before tapping his chest twice and giving a thumbs up.*

**Pollus:** Every day ends eventually, yeah?

<END LOG>

**Addendum 8558.3:** Video Log #2

**Date:** 10/8/25

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Pollus turns on the camera. He appears largely unchanged from the last notable recording.*

**Pollus:** Hey all! Today's date is... August 10th, 2025. So far so good still.

*He turns back to the room and shows it to the camera. There's a set of weights and a shelf of books.*

**Pollus:** Thanks to Benny I was able to get some workout equipment and books in here. Don't get me wrong, talking to a camera all day definitely makes me feel sane and well adjusted, but I do appreciate having more ways to pass the time.

*He turns back to the camera and smiles.*

**Pollus:** Only notable physical change I can note right now is a sharp increase in energy. I spent almost all day yesterday just working out and even now I don't feel tired. Oh, oh! Benny, look at this!

*He stands up and lifts his shirt. Developing abdominals are present on his stomach.*

**Pollus:** This is only after two days of working out!

*He sits back down, smiling.*

**Pollus:** Anyway take your time with the cure guys. I'll be alright.

*He taps his chest twice and gives a thumbs up.*

**Pollus:** Miss ya, Bens.

<END LOG>

**Addendum 8558.4:** Video Log #3

**Date:** 15/8/25

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Pollus turns on the camera. He's gained muscle mass, and appears slightly flushed. There is a large stuffed bear on the bed behind him.*

**Pollus:** Today is August 15th I think? It's been just over a week since I was placed in quarantine.

*He lifts his leg and places it on the desktop with relative ease, showing off the injury from before. It is unchanged.*

**Pollus:** The workouts have been great for flexibility!

*He chuckles.*

**Pollus:** Seriously though, I did want to point out this thing hasn't actually healed yet. I don't think it's changed at all? I'm not an expert on that front, but I figured it was worth noting.

*He lowers his leg.*

**Pollus:** Still no notable pain, but it does itch a bit. I've been good about not scratching so far. Mostly.

*Pollus adjusts himself in his seat for several seconds, visibly uncomfortable. He motions as if to scratch his chin and stops himself.*

**Pollus:** Other than the things I've mentioned before, I've been feeling a bit... uh...

*He flushes a deeper red.*

**Pollus:** Goddammit how do I say this professionally? I've been feeling... worked up we'll say.

*Pollus adjusts himself again.*

**Pollus:** B-but Benny's been great so far. They haven't let me actually see him yet, but he left me this!

*He motions to the bear on the bed.*

**Pollus:** He brought it from home, it was a wedding gift from his parents. It's not the same as having him here, but it's nice to have something to snuggle against at night. It smells like him--*home*. It smells like *home*, and I dunno, it just feels nice to touch something right now.

*He lets out an awkward chuckle and scratches at the back of his neck. He opens his mouth as if to speak, but continues to scratch his neck for nearly a minute.*

**Pollus:** You know it's funny. Between this bear and all the cameras in this room I guess I can't really feel alone, can I? I mean I know I'm being monitored at all times, so I guess it's like everyone is in here with me?

*He chuckles weakly.*

**Pollus:** ... Ah, yeah. So that's it, I guess. G'night.

*Pollus taps his chest twice and gives a thumbs up before rising to his feet and walking over to the bed. He grabs the stuffed bear and wraps himself around it. He remains in this position for several hours, shivering, before appearing to fall asleep.*

<END LOG>

**Addendum 8558.5:** Interview #1

**Date:** 21/8/25

**Forward:** Researcher Benedict Harrison received approval from Dr. Zacharias Hanneman to perform an interview with Researcher Aaron Pollus with the goal of accurately assessing his mental state following two weeks in quarantine. The interview approval is currently under review by the Foundation's Ethics Committee.

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Researcher Harrison approaches the window separating Pollus's quarantine unit from the central hallway. Upon noticing Harrison, Pollus leaps from the bed and races towards the window, nearly crashing directly into it. He places a hand on the window, and Harrison does the same on his side. The two stand in silence for a moment.*

**Pollus:** Hey.

**Harrison:** Hey yourself.

*Pollus sniffles.*

**Harrison:** Since when have you been emotional?

**Pollus:** Shut up, it's the fish hormones. I missed you.

**Harrison:** I missed you too. And... I'm sorry. About this. I just--

*Pollus raises a hand.*

**Pollus:** Hey, I'm not gonna let you blame yourself for this. We were both careless, and accidents happen.

**Harrison:** Yeah, but--

**Pollus:** Hush. I forgive you.

*Harrison gives a weak smile.*

**Harrison:** You look good, for what it's worth.

*Pollus smirks, flexing an arm.*

**Pollus:** All for you, babe!

**Harrison:** I'll admit I never actually expected to see you like this.

**Pollus:** Just imagine what I can do with all this. Oh man if I could get my hands on you...

**Harrison:** A-Aaron, come on, we're being recorded!

*Pollus continues to flex as he speaks. He leans in towards the window.*

**Pollus:** Hell I would do just about *anything* you wanted me to--

**Harrison:** Aaron... Aaron! Focus! I love you but this is *not* a private conversation!

*Pollus shakes his head and averts his eyes from Harrison. He blushes and scratches at the back of his neck. he continues to scratch as he speaks.*

**Pollus:** ... I got carried away. I'm really sorry, Benny.

*Harrison narrows his eyes.*

**Harrison:** What's that on your arm?

**Pollus:** A bicep.

**Harrison:** No, dumbass, I meant that.

*He motions towards what appears to be a small section of skin just above Pollus's triceps. It appears heavily inflamed, with some patches appearing to have begun to peel away. Pollus lowers his arm behind his back.*

**Pollus:** I was itchy, that's all. It's no big deal.

**Harrison:** You can't be blasé about stuff like that, Aaron. I know you read the documentation on 8558. At the very least try not to scratch at it. I just...

**Pollus:** We don't know it actually does that to *people*.   

**Harrison:** Has anyone from the Medical Department seen you recently?

*Pollus thinks for a moment.*

**Pollus:** ... Nope, not that I can think of. Honestly you're the first person I've actually seen properly since this all started.

**Harrison:** What?! Please tell me you've at least done blood tests or something?

**Pollus:** Since entering quarantine? No, none of that. They did that test to confirm the 8558-2 infection anyway, they don't need more.

**Harrison:** We need to talk to them, then. That has to be a mistake--

*Pollus taps the window.*

**Pollus:** Babe, it's fine. Don't make a whole thing out of this, you don't need to worry so much. Look at me, I'm fine! Great even! I trust that they've got what they need to make whatever cure they're planning to make, and it's not like I can do anything about it. Can we just stop talking about it?

*Harrison sighs.*

**Pollus:** Please, just relax a bit. Be here, with me. I can tell how tense your shoulders are.

**Harrison:** Just relax, why haven't I thought of that?

**Pollus:** Hey.

*Pollus taps his chest twice and gives a thumbs up. Harrison mirrors the action, and gives a small smile.*

**Harrison:** I know. I know...

**Pollus:** Go do something kind for yourself, please. It'll be alright. I promise.

**Harrison:** I'm holding you to that promise.

*Harrison leaves. Pollus sighs before returning to the bed and wrapping himself around the bear once again.*

**Pollus:** Miss you...

<END LOG>

**Addendum 8558.6:** Video Log #4

**Date:** 23/8/25

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Pollus turns on the camera. He opens his mouth as if to speak, but begins coughing. He continues to cough for nearly a minute, before eventually coughing out a small object. He holds it up to the camera as a small trickle of blood leaks from the corner of his mouth. It appears to be a molar.*

**Pollus:** That's the second today, actually.

*He grabs a tissue and wraps the tooth inside. He then proceeds to wipe his mouth, before opening it and giving the camera a view inside. He's also missing his left 2nd bicuspid.*

**Pollus:** Lost that other one this morning. Woke up with a shitton of blood in my mouth and half choked to death.

*He grabs another tissue and spits into it.*

**Pollus:** Doesn't hurt, in case anyone was wondering. Same as that gash on my leg, I don't feel a thing. Feels good to scratch at it, though.

*He reaches down and appears to begin scratching at something under the desk.*

**Pollus:** I know, I know. I shouldn't.

*His face contorts into a grimace as he continues scratching.*

**Pollus:** I dunno, it feels *really* good, and once I get going it's hard to stop.

*He continues scratching as his breathing grows heavy. He lets out a small groan as he does. After several minutes he looks down and jerks his hands away from his lap. He places them atop the desk and balls them into tight fists. He avoids direct eye contact with the camera.*

*Pollus shivers, and adjusts himself. He closes his eyes and takes several deep, ragged breaths.*

**Pollus:** None of it bothers me as much as this *burning* does. I keep scratching and scratching because there's like this fire under my skin. I'm so hot I wanna just...

*He wraps his arms around himself and digs his nails into his sides.*

**Pollus:** ... rip it off.

*Pollus takes another deep breath before dropping his arms to his side. He adjusts again, groaning, and paws at his crotch.*

**Pollus:** And it's a burn in every sense too. I miss Benny, miss him *bad*. God I... *need* him right now.

*He turns back to the bear on the bed, which appears to be slightly misshapen and slightly damp from heavy use.*

**Pollus:** The bear helps. God the bear helps, keeps me grounded a bit. Lets me pretend he's... here, even if it's not him, and won't be him.

*He puts his head into his hands, bouncing his leg. After a moment he claps his hands together with a weak smile. Blood continues to trickle out the corner of his mouth.*

**Pollus:** Nah, it's fine. It's fine. It's fine!

*He nods, spitting blood and another tooth onto the floor. He shakes his head and taps his chest twice. He hesitantly gives a thumbs up as his hand shakes.*

**Pollus:** Because it *has* to be.  

<END LOG>

**Addendum 8558.7:** Interview #2

**Date:** 26/8/25

**Forward:** Researcher Benedict Harrison was granted approval to perform an interview with Researcher Aaron Pollus to once again ascertain Pollus's mental health status. The interview approval is currently under review by the Foundation's Ethics Committee.

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Harrison approaches the window to Pollus's quarantine unit. Pollus races towards the window, pressing his face against it. His condition has notably declined--large patches of hair have begun to fall out and his complexion is notably paler. He flushes a deep red upon making eye contact with Harrison.*

**Pollus:** Hey there handsome.

**Harrison:** Easy, killer, what's got you all worked up?

**Pollus:** You. I miss you.

**Harrison:** I miss you too.

*Pollus reaches a hand up to the window, revealing that he is missing his left ring finger. Harrison recoils in shock.*

**Harrison:** What the fuck?!

**Pollus:** God you look good. Have you been working out too? That shirt fits just right. Hugs you in all the right places.

**Harrison:** Aaron, you--

*Pollus begins to paw at his crotch.*

**Pollus:** Fuck Benny you don't know how much I'm missing you. When I get out of here and get my hands on you I swear...

**Harrison:** Aaron will you *please*--

**Pollus:** I'm going to run my tongue over every square inch of you. And then I'm gonna take those tight little pants of yours off, and suck the shit out of your co--

**Harrison:** AARON! Please for the love of God will you *stop*.

*Pollus recoils back, startled. He looks down at his hand and removes it from his lap, placing it back against the window. He opens his mouth as if to speak, before looking away from Harrison.*

**Harrison:** Just... look.

*Pollus looks down at his hand.*

**Pollus:** Oh. Yeah.

**Harrison:** What happened? Are you okay?!

*Pollus shrugs.*

**Harrison:** Don't just shrug at me, you're missing a fucking finger!

**Pollus:** I mean it doesn't hurt, if that's what you're worried about.

**Harrison:** That's not what I'm worried about, I'm worried about the fact that it fell off at all!

*Pollus breathes heavily, and stares at Harrison. The two maintain eye contact for several moments. Harrison eventually sighs.*

**Harrison:** ... They say they're working on it. Working on a cure, that is. I'm not allowed to know the fine details, but they promise me they're working on it.

**Pollus:** Did you get a haircut? It looks good. You look good.

**Harrison:** Aaron, please. Be honest with me-- how are you doing?

*Pollus sighs.*

**Pollus:** It feels like every nerve in my body is on fire. It's not pain, I just feel *more*, every little touch and sensation lights me up. Everything is so sensitive, to the point I'm starting to almost feel sick. I want to just sit and scratch and *touch*, but... Fuck, every second I'm alone I just miss you more and more, and scratching distracts me from it, even just for a second?

*He holds up his leg. The cut on his leg is visibly larger. The flesh around the wound has been partially peeled back. Harrison gags.*

**Pollus:** But this is what happens when I indulge. I want to dig and dig so bad. It feels *good*, but the more I give in the less of me there is.

**Harrison:** Aaron--

*Pollus motions as if he's about to begin scratching at the open sore on his left triceps.*

**Harrison:** Aaron, please. You're going to make it worse.

*Pollus takes a shuddering breath and stops.*

**Pollus:** Alright.

*Pollus takes a deep breath and closes his eyes. He holds the breath for a moment, then releases.*

**Pollus:** I'm going to hold myself together. I have to, for you. That bear you gave me? It's something, it's *you*. It smells like you, it smells like home. With it here I feel like you're with me. With it here I feel like I'm waking up next to you again, even if only for a moment. So, thank you. I just wish it was really you.

**Harrison:** ... You're gonna be ok, Aaron. I'm promising you this. I'll... I'll *make* them finish the cure. We'll get you fixed up, and then we'll go home. I swear to God we'll go home.

*Pollus smiles and places his hand on the glass once more. Harrison meets his hand. The two stand in silence for several moments.*

**Pollus:** I love you.

**Harrison:** I love you, too.

*Harrison taps his chest twice and gives a thumbs up. Pollus hesitates for a moment, before mirroring the gesture.*

<END LOG>

**Addendum 8558.8:** Video Log #5

**Date:** 28/8/25

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Pollus turns on the camera. He's trembling, holding a hand over his left eye. Blood covers half of his face as he breathes heavily. After several moments, he looks at the camera and removes his hand, allowing his left eye to fall from the orbital cavity. It hangs by the ocular nerve for a moment before the nerve snaps, and the eye falls to the table.*

**Pollus:** I... I can't do this. Please.

*Pollus attempts to take a deep breath and hold it, but coughs while inhaling. He proceeds to cough for almost a full minute, doubling over on the desk. He spits blood as he does so.*

*Pollus sits upright once more. He lifts his left arm and begins scratching below his triceps, then pulls his hand away. He holds his hand midair for several moments, before scratching his arm once more. The scratching continues in intensity until the outer layer of skin has been removed and a hole has opened up. He continues to dig into the wound, panting as he does.*

**Pollus:** God... please.

*He moans softly as he continues to dig into the hole in his arm. His body rises and falls as he begins to thrust into the air.*

**Pollus:** Benny... Fuck...

<END LOG>

**Addendum 8558.9:** Video Log #6

**Date:** 29/8/25

**Forward:** The following log was recorded using one of the security cameras in Researcher Pollus's room.

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Pollus is asleep in bed, wrapped around the stuffed bear. He begins to grind his hips against the bear. The grinding increases in intensity as time continues, and he moans.*

*After several minutes, he wakes up. He stares at the back wall for several moments, and then begins to scratch at his jaw. He vocalizes and moans softly as he does so. The scratching increases in intensity he begins to peel skin away from his face. His right hand disappears under the cover and he begins thrusting.*

*After several minutes, a large portion of skin and muscle tissue has been removed from his jaw. He lays flat on his back and begins to vocalize loudly as his body spasms.*

*When he sits back up, his jaw falls away causing his tongue to hang loosely from what was his mouth. He raises his hands to his face, grabbing around where he jaw once was. He lets out a strangled, choking sound as he continues to grab at his face. This continues for several minutes until he presses his face into the pillow, his body heaving as he does so.*

<END LOG>

**Addendum 8558.10:** Incident Report

**Date:** 30/8/25

**Forward:** The following was recorded at the Foundation Medical Department's Pathology lab. Researcher Benedict Harrison was not granted prior approval before entering the lab.

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Harrison enters the lab and walks over to Dr. Zacharias Hanneman.While not a member of the Foundation Medical Department, Dr. Hannemen was given purview over SCP-8558 related research within the department due to his position as chair for the Department of Zoological Studies.*

**Harrison:** Dr. Hanneman, thank God a familiar face. I've been trying to figure out who to talk to about all of this and no one seems to want to help me. Please, I just...

**Hanneman:** Harrison? What's all this about? You know you can't--

**Harrison:** I want to save him before there's nothing left to save. Every time I see Aaron there's less of him.

**Hanneman:** Well, er, yes? To our understanding that is how the disease progresses in humans.

**Harrison:** No, you don't understand. There's less of *him*. His smile stopped reaching his eyes, his sense of humor is gone. All of the little things I love about him that make him who he is. Please, Dr. Hanneman, help me here. Help me save Aaron before there's no Aaron left to save.

**Hanneman:** I'm sympathetic, I really, truly am, but there are procedures--

**Harrison:** Listen, I'm really sorry for interrupting everyone's work and coming back here. I'll take whatever punishment you or whoever else feels fit to give me later, that doesn't matter. You're the research head on the SCP-8558-2 case, right?

**Hanneman:** Wait how did you find that out? I mean, yes, I am, but that was supposed to be proprietary information.

**Harrison:** I checked the SCP-8558 file's extended documentation. Obviously with my clearance I couldn't see most of it, but still--

**Hanneman:** Your clearance on that file was supposed to have been revoked.

*Harrison furrows his brow.*

**Harrison:** Pardon? Why?

**Hanneman:** I'll need to have a conversation with RAISA--

**Harrison:** Why would you remove my clearance?

**Hanneman:** You were removed from the project.

**Harrison:** I don't understand. I was never informed of that.

**Hanneman:** You were meant to be removed once you were identified as a potential vector of infection.

**Harrison:** But I've been conducting interviews on behalf of this project? I've had access to the videos, even! And besides weren't you--

**Hanneman:** I appreciate you assisting us with those interviews, for what it's worth. We figured it would be most receptive to you speaking with it. Regardless, why are you here?

*Harrison pauses and shakes his head before speaking.*

**Harrison:** S-sorry, just... I wanted to know about the status of the cure for SCP-8558-2?

*Hanneman pauses for a moment before shaking his head. He taps on his tablet for a moment.*

**Hanneman:** Current results are promising. We should have a version ready to roll out in a week for anyone who has been in contact with 8558-1 but otherwise asymptomatic.

**Harrison:** And what about people who are symptomatic?

**Hanneman:** Not a research priority, it's too far out of our scope.

*Harrison opens his mouth as if to speak, but appears unable to.*

**Hanneman:** Please, Harrison, understand that those who have actually begun to rot are--

**Harrison:** I-- No... no. No, I won't listen to this. This is... You're seriously willing to just leave people to die?

**Hanneman:** I didn't say that. Don't put words into my mouth.

**Harrison:** You didn't need to.

**Hanneman:** Listen, I know you're upset, but--

*Harrison begins to pace the lab.*

**Harrison:** Aaron has been in there rotting *alone*. You know what he told me when I first spoke with him? That even after a full week no one from the Medical Department had come to do anything with him-- no tests, nothing.

*Harrison pinches the bridge of his nose.*

**Harrison:** Make it make sense to me, help me understand this.

**Hanneman:** You're being unreasonable--

**Harrison:** Give me one Goddamn reason.

*Hanneman straightens up.*

**Hanneman:**  ... It was always a priority to capture all stages of infection, outside of a controlled testing environment. We can't possibly develop a cure without first understanding what infection does to the human body.

*Harrison is silent.*

**Hanneman:** You must understand that it's for the benefit of the Foundation and humanity as a whole. For all we know it could be like rabies after all, impossible to treat after the subject is symptomatic. By understanding how this disease affects the human body, from infection up to the cessation of biological functions, we can--

**Harrison:** *Does he know that?*

**Hanneman:** Pardon me?

**Harrison:** Aaron. Were you *ever* planning to let him know that you were just going to leave him to rot away? For the benefit of the Foundation?

**Hanneman:** And humanity.

**Harrison:** Right. 'Humanity'. What humanity? I don't see any in this fucking room, not if you think it justifies letting a man rot in a cell.

**Hanneman:** SCP-8558-3 was deemed an acceptable loss for the sake of this pro--

*Harrison raises a fist as he begins approaching Hanneman, but stops himself.*

**Hanneman:** If you're looking for someone to be upset with, consider a mirror. Don't act like we haven't reviewed the footage.

*Harrison turns to leave. He turns back towards Hanneman as he reaches the door.*

**Harrison:** You Goddamn coward.

*Harrison slams the door.*

<END LOG>

**Addendum 8558.11:** Video Log #7

**Date:** 31/8/25   

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Pollus turns on the camera and angles it towards the bed. He nods, before tapping his chest twice and giving a thumbs up.*

*Pollus lays down on bed and grips the stuffed bear tightly. He grinds against it while rubbing his face against the bear's face and neck. He licks at the bear's neck and shoulders several times, his hip motions increasing in speed as he does. Eventually he rises to his knees and lays over the bear, bracing himself over it with his hands on the bed.*

*With his right hand, he begins tearing at the base of the bear's tail. He appears to have difficulty doing so, eventually sitting upright and working at the seam with his left hand. He forms a small hole, and continues tearing at the base. The friction peels away the skin of his right index and left pinky finger, and eventually both fall away at the joint. Once a sufficiently sized hole is formed, he removes his pants and lies flush against the bear. He begins thrusting into the bear, sweating profusely and sobbing as he does. Eventually he sits the bear in his lap and wraps his upper body around it, continuing to thrust into it and turning his back to the camera.*

*After a half hour, his body shudders. He collapses into the bear, panting heavily as a small pool of blood begins to form beneath him. He removes the bear from his lap. He appears to reach a hand down towards his groin. He pulls it away and throws what appear to be several chunks of flesh to the floor before running to the room's sink and vomiting.*

*He spends the remainder of the day huddled atop the bed, clutching the stuffed bear against himself and gently stroking its head. He occasionally rubs his injured groin against it involuntarily.*

<END LOG>

---

**Additional Notes:** On 2/8/25, the Ethics Committee received a request to award euthanasia to Researcher Aaron Pollus, citing an extreme deterioration of both his mental and physical health. SCP-8558 Project Lead Dr. Zacharias Hanneman was consulted on the matter. Following a consultation with Dr. Hanneman and review of relevant materials, the request was denied.  

**Addendum 8558.12:** Video Log #8

**Date:** 5/9/25

---

<BEGIN LOG>

*Harrison is seen approaching Pollus's containment. He swipes an ID badgeThe badge used by Researcher Harrison was not his own, and is believed to have been stolen from another member of the Department of Zoological Studies. Investigation is ongoing. at the door and enters, closing and sealing the door behind him. He holds a syringe in his hand.*

**Harrison:** Hey, handsome.

*Pollus is on the bed, now having lost approximately 40% of his original biomass. When Pollus notices Harrison's entrance, he recoils and attempts to flee.*

**Harrison:** Hey, hey. It's ok. I know what I'm doing.

*Pollus continues attempting to flee until Harrison places a hand on his shoulder, gently tracing circles on it with his thumb. Pollus appears to relax. Harrison sits Pollus in his lap and cradles him against his chest. Pollus begins to grind against him.*

**Harrison:** It's ok. You can't help it.

*Pollus buries his face in Harrison's chest. Harrison strokes his head.*

**Harrison:** I'm sorry. I can't keep my promise.

*Pollus meets Harrison's eyes and shakes his head. The two sit in silence for several moments. Eventually, Harrison leans down and kisses what remains of Pollus's nose.*

**Harrison:** I love you, you know that?

*Pollus nods, weakly tapping his chest twice, and attempts to give a thumbs up. Harrison reaches down and helps erect his thumb, then mirrors the motion.*

*Pollus buries his face into Harrison's chest once more. Harrison takes the syringe and inserts it into Pollus's shoulder. The two sit in silence for approximately one hour, until Pollus releases a shuddering breath and goes still. Harrison places him in the bed, gently covering him with the sheet. He lays down beside Pollus's corpse, and inserts the syringe into his own shoulder.*

<END LOG>

---

**Additional Notes:** Both bodies were removed from the chamber and underwent autopsy. Following autopsy, they were stored in Cold Storage Warehouse 003 and Cold Storage Warehouse 005 respectively.

<< [SCP-8557](SCP-8557) | SCP-8558 | [SCP-8559](SCP-8559) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Redacted.png

> **Author:** oritiefling

> **License:** Creative Commons by Share-Alike 3.0

=====
