**Item #:** SCP-8862

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8862 is kept within a 10m by 10m indoor animal containment unit at Site-29. SCP-8862 is allotted ten hours a day from 0800 to 1800 for recreational time with scheduled personnel. The personnel for SCP-8862's recreational time are to be cycled out and replaced every fourteen days. Any personnel shown to be overly attached to SCP-8862 will be kept out of the cycle until deemed safe to return. Once every five days, SCP-8862 must be supplied with GMO-4157 before the start of its recreational time. The majority of current research efforts involving SCP-8862 focus on finding a more reliable long-term replacement for GMO-4157. The remainder of SCP-8862's containment efforts concern engineering a more efficient version of GMO-4157 until then.

**Description:** SCP-8862 refers to an amorphous organism comprised entirely of the combined living matter of *Canis familiaris*. Commonly known as the domesticated dog.  SCP-8862 is approximately 750 kilograms, 0.1 meters tall, and three meters across. Attempts to x-ray SCP-8862 have only been partially successful, as SCP-8862 covers too much space for a full, precise scan to be performed. An estimated 70-80 canines comprise the entirety of SCP-8862. While across the surface of SCP-8862 are a variety of claws, ears, tails, and noses, there are no orifices in SCP-8862.

When any living member of *Canis familiaris* comes into contact with SCP-8862, they are immediately fused together. Once fused, the interior of the canine will enter the inside of SCP-8862. The exterior will provide additional necessary surface area, with any remaining matter also entering the inside of SCP-8862. While SCP-8862 retains the intact bones of assimilated canines, it's currently unknown if it retains any functional organs from the canine's original body. The body of SCP-8862 is highly resilient to most forms of injury, including temperatures up to 1500°C and below -120°C, collisions at high speeds against the walls of its enclosure, and attempts to make incisions by standard medical equipment. SCP-8862 does not require food or water to survive, and does not seem to produce waste in any discernible way. 

SCP-8862, in most circumstances, has the behavioral patterns of a standard domesticated canine. Through an unknown process, SCP-8862 is capable of sensing individuals around it and will frequently attempt to make contact with them. SCP-8862 will use different amounts of its surface area to contact different individuals, seemingly corresponding with their level of familiarity. Even in instances where it uses greater amounts of surface area While it will typically try to surround the individual, in certain cases, SCP-8862 will manipulate its body to achieve a greater height and then contact the individual. Its highest recorded height was 1.56 meters., SCP-8862 has yet to cause any injury when initiating contact. Certain individuals may cause SCP-8862 to wag its many tails. When touched by an individual, SCP-8862 will undulate and attempt to initiate additional contact by gently moving over their foot while wagging its tails. 

SCP-8862 will respond to thrown objects by moving to where the object landed and covering it. It will then use the underside of its body to move the object to the one who threw it, if available. This process will typically end with the object being destroyed. When told to "Stay," SCP-8862 will cease all movement and its body will harden until it is ordered to stop. "Play dead" has a similar effect, but SCP-8862 will not harden itself. "Shake" will make SCP-8862 quickly bob up and down. "Roll over" will cause SCP-8862 to perform multiple complex movements, seemingly in an attempt to turn itself upside down. SCP-8862 appears unable to complete this task and, after a short period, will give up. After giving up, it will momentarily move sluggishly and slightly flatten out before returning to its normal mood.

**Addendum-1:** Emotional State

While SCP-8862 typically displays a docile and playful nature, after testing for its interactions with various canine breeds had ended, SCP-8862 entered an aggravated state. While in this state, SCP-8862 ran into the walls of its containment area at speeds of approximately 12m/s. Researchers working on SCP-8862 were initially confused by this behavior until it was proposed that instead of seeking out food or water for survival, SCP-8862 instead seeks out canines to assimilate into itself in order to survive. After additional testing, it was found that on average, SCP-8862 would remain docile for six to seven days after assimilation, regardless of the type of canine provided. GMO-4157 was developed as a sustainable method to maintain SCP-8862's docile emotional state without risking unnecessary growth. 

**Addendum-2:** GMO-4157 

GMO-4157 is a Foundation engineered breed of canine based on the Chihuahua with several key differences: 

* Shorter gestation period. (35-40 days.)

* Larger litter size. (Average of six.)

* Earlier age of maturity. (Four to five months.)

* Less mass at maturation. (Average of 0.55 kilograms.)

* Does not possess a tail.

* Does not possess claws.

* High rates of congenital blindness. (Incedental, 64.3%)

* High rate of congenital deafness. (Incedental, 52.6%)

GMO-4157 is bred, raised, and kept in Site-29's attached farm. When not used for SCP-8862, GMO-4157 has an average lifespan of eleven months. While complications from genetic diseases are responsible for the most loss of GMO-4157 not used for SCP-8862, others will typically expire during the process of giving birth.

<< [SCP-8861](SCP-8861) | SCP-8862 | [SCP-8863](SCP-8863) >>
