**Item #:** SCP-8649

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8649 is to be cleaned and lubricated once every two months. Personnel should wear safety goggles and helmets while in the container. The item's discharge chute is to at all times be directed into a special container for analysis of the debris. Containment and maintenance personnel should keep in mind that SCP-8649 can expel material at random and without visible cause. 

Should the item expel any debris, the research supervisor is to be notified so that the event can be recorded. The research team is to regularly check if an expulsion event has occured between 728 and 731 days ago; if so, containment specialists are to be placed on alert based on the hypothesized source of the debris.

**Description:** SCP-8649 is a hand-fed compact woodchipper. The item is gas-powered and appears to have had its safety features removed by force. Additionally, the woodchipper is modified with a high-strength motor and unusually sharp blades, allowing it to efficiently shred material such as plastic, rubber, and cloth.

When an object is fed into SCP-8649, the resulting chipped material will be expelled from the item exactly 730 days prior to being fed into the woodchipper. This was discovered when SCP-8649 was recorded expelling wood chips without any apparent cause; exactly two years later, a branch was fed into the item with seemingly no result. The correlation was later confirmed -- all events where SCP-8649 expels debris unprompted are followed by an object being fed into the woodchipper in the future. 

Any objects fed into SCP-8649 are seemingly predetermined once the debris is observed, but the item itself does not manipulate causality in any way -- the expulsion of debris is still a direct effect of the object being fed, but simply occurs at an earlier point in time.

**Appendix:** Notable Activations

= ****Log A1****

**Debris Expelled:** 2.3 kg of wood chips and sawdust. 

**Object Fed:** Medium-size branch.

**Notes:** Consistent with typical observations.

= ****Log C17****

**Debris Expelled:** 8.8 kg of shredded rubber.

**Object Fed:** Passenger car tire.

**Notes:** *SCP-8649 is to only be used for wood. -- Dr. Haynes*

= ****Log F22****

**Debris Expelled:** 25.6 kg of wood chips and sawdust, splintered plywood, shredded paper scraps, staples, and broken shards of steel. 

**Object Fed:** Office desk.

**Notes:** *That means don't feed random objects into the woodchipper. -- Dr. Haynes*

= ****Log J3****

**Debris Expelled:** 45.1 kg of wood chips, splintered dry wood, paint residue, and rust flakes.

**Object Fed:** Structurally deprecated wooden security barricade on site grounds.

**Notes:** Authorized by containment team, as SCP-8649 is the only woodchipper on the site.

= ****Log E19****

**Debris Expelled:** 497 kg of charred wood chips, thick ash, burnt sawdust, and melted sap.

**Object Fed:** Tree killed by lightning strike near Building C.

**Notes:** The site maintenance department has been encouraged to purchase a non-anomalous woodchipper. 

= ****Log B10****

**Debris Expelled:** None. 

**Notes:** SCP-8649's discharge tube sputtered, but did not release any material. If an object was attempted to be fed later on, it was not logged.

= ****Log G16****

**Debris Expelled:** 10 grams of paper shreds and scraps. 

**Object Fed:**  "Responsible Testing!" poster hung outside the SCP-8649 chamber.

**Notes:** The Office of Safety and Compliance has requested a review.

= ****Log ███****

**Debris Expelled:** ██ kg of wood chips, metal and PVC scraps, unidentified biological tissue, a viscous clear fluid, and ABS plastic.

**Object Fed:**  [DATA REDACTED]

**Notes:** SCP-8649 was not damaged by this. However, this would have likely been very dangerous with an ordinary woodchipper.

= ****Log X11****

**Debris Expelled:** 174 kg of shredded clothing, blood, chipped bones, and semi-liquified human tissue. 

**Object Fed:**  See ██████ ████ report on "West Lake woodchipper murders."

**Notes:** Occured following major external security breach. Security teams responsible for SCP-8649 have been placed on high alert to prevent the item from being lost again. 

= ****Log Q5****

**Debris Expelled:** 287 kg of human remains and clothing as above, as well as white fabrics sourced from lab coats, debris from a pair of glasses, and a badly damaged Foundation ID card. 

**Object Fed:**  Undetermined as of present.

**Notes:** All researchers assigned to SCP-8649 have independently requested transfer to a different project.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8648](SCP-8648) | SCP-8649 | [SCP-8650](SCP-8650) >>
