**Item #:** SCP-8031

**Object Class:** ~~Euclid~~ Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** Testing suspended following safety and moral Editor's Note: Wording obfuscated due to relevant rationale being classified. "Moral" may not be objectively considered the most accurate wording, but can be considered the most accurate term appropriate for this document's clearance level.  concerns levied by the Ethics Committee in response to erratic experiment proctor/subject incident(s). SCP-8031 is to be kept stored in a standard anomalous electronic containment locker. Further access must be reviewed on a case-by-case basis.

**Description:** SCP-8031 is a touchscreen tablet device Editor's Note: Both the tablet and pedestal are encased in a highly tailored leather jacket. It is unknown the variety of leather used; It has been reported as both slightly warmer than ambient, as well as variously moist or sticky.  affixed to a commercially designed plastic pedestal intended for use adjacent to or in front of a manned kiosk. SCP-8031 is installed with a simple operating system designed solely for the purpose of facilitating a program entitled “BACK_OF_MY_HAND.EXE". The primary landing screen of the program consists of a membership application with fillable categories typical of such. Upon completing the application, subjects will be redirected to a personalized database consisting of "all accomplishments pre-assigned and predetermined to your self" as defined by the program. All data displayed is viewable only by the relevant subject. Accomplishments can be read by the subject; SCP-8031 will "white out" after a certain arbitrary Editor's Note: This can broadly be understood as the program or device assigning quasi-numerical substantive values to units of understandable information. The specifics beyond this are subject to baseless speculation. threshold of information is conveyed. SCP-8031's menu of "accomplishments" is interactive, with subjects being prompted by the program to click one for more information. Individuals who choose to perceive the accomplishments provided by SCP-8031 experience a number of biological effects, including pupil dilation, increased salivation, and moderately increased levels of adipose tissue over time. Additional information regarding SCP-8031's contents is largely deductive beyond this point.

SCP-8031 may provide further information on aforementioned accomplishments to the subject. Editor's Note: Demonstrated subject confusion may suggest temporal inconsistencies in SCP-8031 chronology. 

SCP-8031 likely does not exert a compulsive effect on the subject to click on a particular option.

SCP-8031 is most likely ontokinetic in nature, or possesses behaviors adjacent to such.

SCP-8031 is moderately unlikely to be associated with any terrestrial groups or influences of interest. Editor's Note: A link to the Fifth Church was initially hypothesized, but remains relegated to popularity amongst the low-performing and poor of mind. 

SCP-8031 is highly likely to cause subjects who click on an accomplishment to experience a looping complete sensory hallucination of unconfirmed nature. Additionally or alternatively the resultant confirmed (quasi)-catatonic state may relate:

* The hallucination may be relevant to the selected accomplishment (Contextually likely)

* The hallucination may be nonspecific (Not ruled out)

* The subject may be within a generic clinical psychiatric catatonia (Probabilistically likely)

* The subject may be affected by a thaumaturgical process/harvesting (Contextually unlikely, not ruled out)

* The subject(s)' lived experiences may be the source material of SCP-8031's database. Subsequent catatonia the result of amnestic properties (Unlikely, not ruled out)Editor's Note: Theory lent credence by later experimental data.  

**Discovery:** SCP-8031 was discovered after a series of statistically significant reports of psychiatric catatonia diagnoses in otherwise unlikely demographics. These incidents were traced back to a "Byron Russel", a 17 year old aspiring psychology student who was advertising an experimental psychotherapy practice ran out of a defunct "Five Below" store. Russel was apprehended, but refused to cooperate with Foundation staff at Site-196 while in custody. Through tracking of his internet history, Russel was found to have enrolled 22 people over the course of a month. 16 of the participants were found to have been already affected by SCP-8031, the remaining six were brought into Foundation custody for the purposes of continuing research on SCP-8031.

**Post-Acquisition Experiment Log:**

> **Subject:** Brie Richards

> 

> **Age:** 34

> 

> **Summary:** Relayed app layout and design before achieving catatonia. Did not select an achievement.

> **Subject:** John Weiss

> 

> **Age:** 53 years

> 

> **Summary:** Obstinate until expressing dissatisfaction with SCP-8031's provided accomplishments. Verbally instructed the proctor that he was "Picking the only damn thing she never touched" before achieving catatonia.

> **Subject:** Marilyn Hughes

> 

> **Age:** 21 years

> 

> **Summary:** Unremarkable until selecting achievement. Subject noted upon selection, "I guess I was gonna graduate after all."

> **Subject:** Rick Davis

> 

> **Age:** 63 years

> 

> **Summary:** Failed to select an achievement, achieved catatonia upon attempting to read out multiple achievement titles Editor's Note: Such included "Destitute Retirement", "Your son's a good kid!", and "Drove on 4th during rush hour without any accidents." .

> **Subject:** Anna Friesman

> 

> **Age:** 46 years

> 

> **Summary:** Obstinate and non-conversational until selecting achievement. Did not relay any information regarding the nature of said achievement, however it was observed through video that subject did not display any hesitation upon perceiving the selected achievement.

> **Subject:** Fawn Matthews

> 

> **Age:** 29 years

> 

> **Summary:** Subject was co-operative Editor's Note: Prior to testing, she was informed that higher quality of medical support could be obtained afterwards.  and attentive, exercising high degrees of caution based on provided information. Large quantities of information were gathered during this experiment. Subject verbally expressed shortly before that she was selecting "Breaking the cycle" before achieving catatonia.

> **Subject:** [Unnamed] Matthews

> 

> **Age:** 4 hours

> 

> **Summary:** BloomedEditor's Note: Pertaining to Cosmic Snow, analogous to the marine whale fall. 

@@ @@

]

@@ @@

[SCP-8030](SCP-8030) | SCP-8031| [SCP-8032](SCP-8032)
