=====

=====

= **SCP-8515** - The Corpse of Dr. Franklin Brollis and The Thing That Lives Inside It by  and 

---

**[More by this author](peppersghost)**

**Item #:** SCP-8515

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8515 was last confirmed to be enclosed behind a grated HVAC vent on the northwest wall of the East Wing break room at Site-19. The room is to be kept at low temperature and chemically deodorized at all times.

Due to the immense employee presence at Site-19, emergence of SCP-8515 during operating hours is considered a statistical impossibility; however, a team of full-time staff members has been assigned to remain in the room in shifts as a redundant precaution. 

Personnel with clearance below Level 4 are to be given an alternate explanation for any unusual sounds or odors reported in the East Wing break room.

**Description:** SCP-8515 is an entity that currently inhabits the corpse of Dr. Franklin Brollis. The origin of SCP-8515, the physical form of SCP-8515 (or lack thereof) distinct from the corpse of Dr. Brollis, and the circumstances of Dr. Brollis' death are all currently unknown.

The ongoing influence of SCP-8515 on the remains of Dr. Brollis has produced increasingly stark changes to the structure of the body. Notable alterations include:

* Resistance to decomposition;

* Drastically enhanced flexibility and mobility of the spinal column;

* Ongoing posthumous growth of fingernails and the hair at the crown of its head;

* 6 to 12 additional hinged joints on each limb, distributed asymmetrically and at irregular intervals;

* Displacement of the mandible to the base of the sternum, compensated for by an extreme distension of the esophagus, which in turn has resulted in much of the interior of the upper torso being exposed by way of the oral cavity as a result of ruptures in esophageal tissue;

* Total ossification of the skin, muscles, and ligaments around the wrists and orbital sockets, leaving both hands inextricably fused within the fractured cranial cavity.Unlike most alterations instigated by SCP-8515, it has not been found to benefit in any way from its hands being contained within its skull.

SCP-8515 generally remains self-confined in small enclosed spaces, utilizing the alterations to its inhabited corpse to fit where a human body otherwise would not. If necessary, SCP-8515 may collapse its abdomen by expelling the organs within from its distended oral aperture. When this occurs, organs will be immediately retracted back into the abdomen upon emergence into a more permissive space.This particular behavior is a current focus of study, as the corpse's organs are believed to be non-functional and have not been shown to serve any visible utility to SCP-8515.

While concealed, SCP-8515 produces a constant and regular clicking noise by reaching down through its skull and scraping its fingernails against its upper row of teeth from within. It is believed to perform this ritual as a means of culling excess nail growth, as it only began exhibiting this behavior after several of its fingernails breached the surface of the skull upon outgrowing the limited space inside the cranial cavity. 

After SCP-8515 has remained hidden for 10 to 14 days, it may emerge to find a new space to enclose itself in, but only if it does not detect a human presence in its vicinity.SCP-8515's sensory capabilities are not fully understood; however, they are known to be imperfect. When seeking a new hiding place, it moves quietly and keeps to the shadows. If SCP-8515 is discovered by a human person,SCP-8515 behaves indifferently toward animal life. it will attack by repeatedly lashing its limbs and torso against the victim. This does not typically result in death, though victims frequently suffer concussive trauma and other injuries.

If SCP-8515 encounters a human subject while it is exposed, yet continues to remain unnoticed, it will observe the subject at distance and attempt to mimic their movements. If the subject leaves the area during this time, SCP-8515 will walk several paces behind them, timing its footsteps to perfectly sync with the person it follows. This behavior will continue either until SCP-8515 is discovered by the subject, at which point it will attack, or until it detects the approach of an additional human presence, which will lead it to resume its search for a new place to hide.

Witnesses who observed SCP-8515 in person have reported a variety of negative psychological aftereffects; due to limited sample size, it has not been determined whether these symptoms were cognitohazardously instigated or were simply non-anomalous responses to mental and physical trauma.Amnestic-Resistant Psychological Conditions (ARPCs) have been observed in non-anomalous instances of trauma and are not themselves evidence of cognitohazardous influence. Common complaints by SCP-8515 witnesses include paranoia, recurring dread, Cotard delusion, auditory hallucinations of the sound of SCP-8515 culling its nails, and being awoken in the night by a tapping sensation on the inner side of the teeth.These sensations have been shown to persist after total exodontia.

@@@@

@@@@

**Addendum:** Shortly after Dr. Franklin Brollis stepped down from his position as Site Director, the custodian assigned to collect Brollis' personal belongings from his office found the following message in a desk drawer, scrawled on the back of a receipt printed earlier the same day. Dr. Brollis was reported missing the following morning. 

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

~~if aone read this~~

~~if anyoen redas this~~

~~if aynone erads hits~~

~~if any noe reasd this~~

~~if aynyone readd his~~

Franklin Brollis

~~if aynyone can reads his~~

~~if aynyonn can raeds thsi~~

Franklin Brollis

Franklin Brollis

~~IF ANYOEN READS THSI~~

~~IF ANYONE READS TSHI~~ 

~~IF anyONE reads THIS~~

Franklin Brollis

Franklin Brollis

~~IF ANYONE READS THIS~~

~~IF ANYONE READS THIS~~

~~IF ANYONE READS THIS~~

@@@@

@@@@

****READ THIS:****

don't reach behind your eyes

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-8514](SCP-8514) | SCP-8515 | [SCP-8516](SCP-8516) >>
