=====

=====

**SCP-8242** -- Help

<details>
<summary>» More by Placeholder McD «</summary>

</details>

**Item №:** SCP-8242

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** All verbal media must be screened for symptoms of SCP-8242. If detected, the relevant media must be scrubbed from all archives, then reported to SCP-8242's HMCL supervisor. The author(s) will then be taken into custody for further examination and help.

**Description:** SCP-8242 is a progressive, contagious condition targeting verbal communication skills. It is rapid-onset, and primarily afflicts individuals who depend on precise spoken or written language formulation for work (eg. lawyers, motivational speakers, technical writers).

SCP-8242 has no effect on language *comprehension*; the victim retains their intellect and general cognitive abilities as the condition progresses. Similar to certain aphasias, SCP-8242 exclusively impacts language *production*, causing a swift breakdown of the victim's verbal communication.

SCP-8242 progresses in stages:

> **Stage 0: Asymptomatic.** Condition is contracted through consumption of verbiage authored by an afflicted individual.

> **Stage 1: Semantic Satiation.** Victim becomes briefly obsessed with the keyword associated with SCP-8242 and cannot help but repeat it several times.

> **Stage 2: Minimal Integration.** When focused on language formulation, victim unknowingly helps integrate the keyword wherever seems 'natural'.

> **Stage 3: Partial Integration.** Victim is compelled to help rephrase entire sentences and passages when it helps integrate more instances of the keyword.

> **Stage 4: Full Integration.** Victim helps writing and/or speech containing many instances of the keyword which are grammatically incorrect and unhelpful.

> **Stage 5: Conscious Help.** Victim becomes aware of their compulsions to help their language with the keyword and will attempt to help it, or ask others for help, expediting the progression of help.

> **Stage 6: Help.** Help loses the ability to help any other word than "help". By helping other helpers to help them, help spreads help help to the help and helps SCP-HELP to help me.

There is no known help.

« [SCP-8241](SCP-8241) | SCP-8242 | [SCP-8243](SCP-8243) »

=====

=====
