**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8423 is enclosed within Area-87 located in the █████ █████ rainforest. A radius of 1.5 km has been established as an exclusionary zone around the area, and a 3-meter-tall fence lines the circumference. Security personnel are to patrol the perimeter on a bi-hourly basis, with cameras constantly surveying the surrounding area.

 SCP-8423 is to be contained within a 5m x 5m x 5m steel cube, with 2.5 meters above and below ground level. The containment chamber is to be fitted with a six (6) door air lock system, with incineration capabilities in each of the six (6) individual chambers. Should any single airlock fail at any point, the chambers shall undergo decontamination as described in document 8423- F-31c:

* All airlocks will initiate incineration sequence for a period of thirty (30) minutes, regardless of personnel located within.

* Airlocks will be flooded with Hydrogen Peroxide, which will sit for a period of no less than twenty-four (24) hours before draining.

* Airlocks will be flooded with boiling salt water for no less than twelve (12) hours before draining.

* Airlocks are flushed with boiling, soapy water.

* Hazmat teams will enter airlocks and decide whether decontamination is sufficient. Regardless of decontamination status, hazmat teams are to incinerate all clothes worn into airlocks after exiting.

* This process will be repeated at least two (2) times, with further decontamination at the discretion of area staff.

Any personnel who enter SCP-8423’s containment chamber are required to wear IDLH certified self-contained air supply SCBA respirators and level A hazard totally-encapsulating hazmat suits. Personnel returning from interaction with SCP-8423 must quarantine for two weeks in a room with a monitoring camera, closed airflow system and incineration capabilities. If any personnel are suspected of disregarding any one of these directives they are to be terminated immediately by incineration.

**Description:** SCP-8423 is a fungus similar in appearance to *Psilocybin Semilanceata*Commonly referred to as Magic Mushrooms. SCP-8423 growths average around 3.0 cm in diameter; growths have been recorded to grow up to 3.4 cm. Growths are notable for their conical bell-shaped cap with a small white spot on the peak. The colour of the growth ranges from brown to a rust-like colour. The stipes appear long and slender, some recording up to 10 cm in height, however, most range from 5-7 cm on average. Stipes range from dirty white to light brown. The lamella The 'gill' to stipe is adnexed Narrowly attached, with the lamella changing from white to black as they mature. Spores are completely transparent. Foundation mycologists estimate the spores to be roughly 10.5-11.5 x 6.5-7.0 micrometers and ellipsoid in shape. SCP-8423 exhibits saprotrophic ecology and can grow without access to sunlight.

SCP-8423 demonstrates high resistance to extreme cold and heat, with research indicating it is capable of withstanding temperatures as low as -██˚C and as high as ██˚C.

SCP-8423 is not biologically related to any other documented fungi, and is theorized to be native to █████ ████. Growths spread through the use of airborne spores. Infection by SCP-8423 occurs when a subject, referred to as SCP-8423-1, inhales spores emitted by SCP-8423 or SCP-8423-1 instances. SCP-8423 spores then enter the brain, where they begin to grow and feed implanted in the brain cavity. Infection from SCP-8423 occurs in seven (7) identifiable stages:

# Subject inhales spores of SCP-8423.

# Spores enter the subject's brain cavity, latching on. Subject is now considered SCP-8423-1.

# Subject will begin to feel smarter, stronger and clear-headed for a period of 1-3 months. Notably, patients with dementia and Alzheimer's report being completely cured of all affliction. Cognitive scans confirm that Alzheimer's and dementia symptoms cease.

# Subjects begin to become obsessive with the preservation and spread of SCP-8423.

# Subjects will begin to exhibit [REDACTED].

# Subjects will root into the ground and emit SCP-8423 spores into the air, with a range of up to █ kilometers.

# [DATA EXPUNGED]

In total, the lifecycle for SCP-8423-1 instances is roughly 6 months. SCP-8423 first came to Foundation attention when reports coming out of the [REDACTED] province began reporting [REDACTED] on local wildlife, and increasingly aggressive territorial behaviour from the affected.

# WARNING: THE FOLLOWING FILE IS LEVEL 4/8423 CLASSIFIED

---

### ANY ATTEMPT TO ACCESS THIS FILE WITHOUT LEVEL 4/8423 AUTHORIZATION WILL BE LOGGED AND WILL LEAD TO IMMEDIATE DISCIPLINARY ACTION.

<details>
<summary>- Enter valid 4/8423 credentials -</summary>

> **Supervisors Note**

> Below are a transcription of the video logs from the late Dr. Edward Zhang during his initial research into SCP-8423. The events and research of the last weeks of Dr. Zhang's life under Operation Closed Canal are classified under 4/8423 access.

> - Dr. Martin, Area-87 Senior Supervisor

**Video Log 01 Transcript**

**Date:** 06/06/2022

**Subject:** SCP-8423

**Team Lead:** Dr. Edward Zhang

**Team Members:** Dr. Manuel Abarca, Agent Jarron Hellebuyck, Agent Lupita Rodriguez

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*A town with South American appearance can be seen outside of a window. Drs. Zhang & Abarca are seated at a desk, looking at the camera. Agents Hellebuyck and Rodriguez are not visible in frame.*

**Dr. Edward Zhang:** This is Dr. Edward Zhang. The current date is June 6th, 2022. We are currently in the town of [DATA EXPUNGED] regarding reports of wildlife exhibiting anomalous behaviours.

*Dr. Abarca hands Dr. Zhang a file folder. Dr. Zhang removes a sheet of paper from the folder and begins to read it.*

**Zhang:** Yes, that's right. Okay. Foundation operatives had begun receiving reports of wildlife exhibiting anomalous behavior, namely that most local wildlife has begun exhibiting signs of, quote unquote, 'large fungal growths and increasingly aggressive and territorial behaviours, so much so that local townsfolk cannot enter the surrounding rainforest without risk of assault by wildlife.' And we're here to see if this stuff is anomalous, or, you know, just fungus.

**Dr. Abarca:** Yeah, and to add to that, Edward, the main thing we're here to do is to see if whatever this is can affect humans. So far, only signs of animal infection are present.

**Zhang:** Right. We'll be interviewing the local population, as well as taking blood samples, and, if needed, body scans. We are to operate under the guise that we're medical staff from the [REDACTED] government sent as a temporary hospital set up. We're way out in the fucking sticks here, so if any of these country bumpkins suspect anything I'd be shocked. Anyhow, there's plenty of work to be done here. I'll keep the log updated periodically.

[END LOG]

**Video Log 02 Transcript**

**Date:** 07/06/2022

**Subject:** SCP-8423

**Team Lead:** Dr. Edward Zhang

**Team Members:** Dr. Manuel Abarca, Agent Jarron Hellebuyck, Agent Lupita Rodriguez

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Zhang can be seen sitting at a table, with a middle aged man, dressed in jeans and a flannel shirt sitting across from him. Agent Hellebuyck can be briefly seen leaving the room as the video starts, dressed in nurse scrubs. Please note that this log has been transcribed from [REDACTED] into English.*

**Dr. Zhang:** Ah, welcome, welcome! Mr. ████████ , correct?

**Subject:** Yeah, that's me.

*The subject seems to be quite nervous in the presence of Dr. Zhang.*

**Zhang:** May I get you anything to drink? Water, coffee, tea?

**S:** I'm fine.

*The subject appears to be incredibly uncomfortable, shifting in seat and glancing around*

**S:** Jesus, what's that smell? It smells like death.

**Z:** that's just the smell of sterilization, I believe, we have to keep things clean here, you know? Don't want any germs getting around.

**S:** Um, yeah, makes sense.

**Z:** So, Mr. ████████, how are you feeling? Any sickness, aches, mental fog?

**S:** Believe it or not, no. I mean, I know I look rough, but, I feel great. Amazing actually.

**Z:** Really? Would you care to elaborate on that?

**S:** That's not enough for you? Christ, are you city hacks dim? I feel great, end of story.

**Z:** Apologies for pressing, sir. Nothing else to report?

*The subject appears more at ease knowing that the interview is ending.*

**S:** No. Can I go?

**Z:** Almost, Mr. ████████. I just need a blood sample from you. it'll just be a prick on the finger.

*The subject appears to be alarmed by the request.*

**S:** Fuck, um, yeah, sure. Just be quick.

*Dr. Zhang walks across the room, grabbing the necessary equipment and returning to seat with the subject. He pricks the subjects finger, taking a small blood sample. A drop of blood falls on the table. Dr. Zhang grabs a Lysol wipe to remove the spot.*

**S:** [Screams]

*The subject jumps up, sprinting out of the room. Dr. Zhang appears shocked.*

[END LOG]

**Video Log 03 Transcript**

**Date:** 08/06/2022

**Subject:** SCP-8423

**Team Lead:** Dr. Edward Zhang

**Team Members:** Dr. Manuel Abarca, Agent Jarron Hellebuyck, Agent Lupita Rodriguez

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Drs. Zhang and Abarca can be seen sitting at a table, with an elderly woman sitting across from them. The womans posture and demeanor appear far more youthful than his age would indicate. Please note that this log has been transcribed from [REDACTED] into English.*

**Dr. Zhang:** Mrs. ████, correct?

**Subject:** That's right, dear.

**Z:** Now, we talked to your granddaughter, and-

**S:** Oh, █████! Such a beautiful young woman, isn't she? I still remember how she used to-

**Dr. Abarca:** Ma'am, not to be rude, but we're not here to discuss your granddaughter.

**S:** Oh dear me, I'm sorry doctors! Forgive an old woman her ramblings.

**Z:** No need to apologize Mrs. ████. Now, as I was saying, your granddaughter tells us you previously were suffering from advanced Alzheimer's disease until about three months ago. Is that correct?

**S:** Oh, yes dear, yes. Truly awful thing, but then one day not three months ago, I woke up and poof! Gone! I could walk, talk, think and felt like I was 30 years younger. God truly is good.

**Z:** Interesting. Now, could you tell us what happened before this seeming miracle happened? Anything out of the ordinary in the days leading up?

**S:** Oh, nothing, nothing. I just went on my walks as usual, and had tea with █████ as per usual.

**Z:** Where did you take these walks?

**S:** Just out in the forest, on the path. Found some interesting little mushrooms out there, I did. Never seen the likes of them out there before. But, can't go in the forest no more because of the animals going crazy. Let me tell you.....

*The subject proceeded to go on a fifteen minute rant about how the younger generations are screwing everything up and are too soft. Attempts at cutting the subject off were unsuccessful. After the interview, Agents Hellebuyck and Rodriguez were sent into the rainforest to collect samples of fungus. During this time, they would also recover a half-eaten bird, which displayed symptoms of infection from SCP-8423.*

[END LOG]

**Video Log 04 Transcript**

**Date:** 13/06/2022

**Subject:** SCP-8423

**Team Lead:** Dr. Edward Zhang

**Team Members:** Dr. Manuel Abarca, Agent Jarron Hellebuyck, Agent Lupita Rodriguez

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Zhang can be seen taking a seat at a desk. He pulls a file folder out of a drawer. Dr. Abarca enters frame, sitting next to him.*

**Dr. Zhang:** Lots of new developments since the log was last updated. The samples Jarron and Lupita collected were interesting, to say the least. The samples we collected we initially thought were Psilocybin Semilanceata-

**Dr. Abarca:** You mean shrooms.

*Both researchers laugh briefly.*

**Z:** Sure, whatever hippie shit you want to call them. Shrooms, magic mushrooms, whatever. Anyway, the point is they were not Psilocybin Semilanceata, testing shows they're a whole new thing. We checked the data against the foundation database, and these little shits aren't related to any other fungi that anyone has found. Hell, they're not related to any plants either. They don't appear to produce spores, either - not that I've seen at least, unless they're transparent, which I'm not ruling out. Now Manuel will report on the human and animal side of things.

**A:** Right. Well, after running blood samples and the like, we've determined that this fungus can infect humans. We tested the samples of the fungi against samples of the blood we collected, and oh boy, is it ever there. We've been wearing respirators since, which we hope is enough. As for that bird that Hellebuyck and Rodriguez found, what a scare. The things organs, brain, basically the entire body was covered in fungus. The thing was more fungus than animal. Anyway, we've been running brain scans on patients, and this thing is impressive. On average, this thing is increasing cognition rates by [REDACTED] percent. We also scanned the old woman's brain, Mrs.... well, I forget now, but the old woman who had Alzheimer's. No signs of it at all. The most worrying part is... well, Edward, you can say if you'd like.

**Z:** Sure. This thing is in people's brain. Scans are showing that the fungus plants itself into the brain and slowly spreads. People at around the three month mark have around ninety percent of their brain covered in the fungus. These patients who are further along also have begun showing fungal growths themselves, usually in the damper and darker areas of the body - think the armpits and groin area - however some people demonstrate growths around the face, particularly the eyes, ears, nose and mouth. For an unknow reason, no one in the town seem to point this out, or notice at all. Our current theory is those infected simply ignore the fact that the growths are happening - which would mean this entire damn town is infected. I've sent reports off to site command to close down this whole area if possible. If this thing spreads out of here, I don't know what we'll be able to do. But, we'll keep at work. Secure, contain, protect and all that shit.

[END LOG]

**Video Log 05 Transcript**

**Date:** 15/06/2022

**Subject:** SCP-8423

**Team Lead:** Dr. Edward Zhang

**Team Members:** Dr. Manuel Abarca, Agent Jarron Hellebuyck, Agent Lupita Rodriguez

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Zhang can be seen sitting in his room, appearing disheveled. A clock on a nearby nighstand reads 03:34.*

**Dr. Zhang:** Quick update. Lupita found some bad shit while out looking for samples. We thought that the people who were about three months along were the furthest infected. We were wrong. They were just the latest that were still in town. Anyway. Lupita was out looking for samples, and noticed some movement in the distance. She hid herself, and what she described as 'half-fungus half-human entities' were roaming the forest. Glad to see we got some dash ones on our hands.

*Dr. Zhang rubs his face with his hands and stares blankly for thirty-three seconds.*

**Z:** This is really fucking bad. I'm going to send Rodriguez and Hellebuyck out tomorrow or the day after to do some recon. I just... what the fuck. I need some sleep.

[END LOG]

**Video Log 06 Transcript**

**Date:** 17/06/2022

**Subject:** SCP-8423

**Team Lead:** Dr. Edward Zhang

**Team Members:** Dr. Manuel Abarca, Agent Jarron Hellebuyck, Agent Lupita Rodriguez

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Zhang appears sleep-deprived and disheveled. He holds a cup of coffee and is sitting at his desk.*

**Dr. Zhang:** Hellebuyck and Rodriguez are gone, and it's my fault. I sent them to go look at the dash one instances and..... they've been evacuated. I suspect they'll likely be terminated before they ever see the site again. And it's my fault. 

*Dr. Zhang sits in silence for over five minutes.*

**Z:** The instances.... some of them were... well, I can only describe as rooted into the ground. Then they.... they... the 'tops' of them, I suppose you'd call it.... they opened.... spores. Transparent spores. I should've known from the start. You can't see them, obviously, but how the fuck else would that happen?

*Dr. Zhang proceeds to berate himself for over two minutes.*

**Z:** I let them all down. Everyone. I need to make this right. I have to go see for myself, or I'll never be able to sleep again.

[END LOG]

**Event Log 01 Transcript**

**Date:** 16/06/2022

**Subject:** SCP-8423

**Team Lead:** Agent Lupita Rodriguez

**Team Members:** Agent Jarron Hellebuyck

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Agents Hellebuyck and Rodriguez are deep within the █████ █████ rainforest. It appears to be sometime around 10-11pm. Lush foliage surrounds the operatives, who don full hazmat suits and respirators. Agent Rodriguez is wearing a body camera, only Agent Hellebuyck is in frame.*

**Agent Rodriguez:** Camera on.

**Agent Hellebuyck:** Roger.

**R:** Let's go. We've got a lot of ground to cover.

*The agents proceed to walk for twenty-eight minutes, after which the notice a humanoid entity protruding from the ground about twenty-five meters in front of them.*

**R:** *(Whispering)* Entity located, 8 o'clock.

**H:** *(Whispering)* Yeah, I see it too.

*The agents slowly creep towards the entity. The entity appears to be originally human, however almost completely overgrown by fungal colonies. The entity has their entire lower body as well as about half of their upper torso buried in the ground.*

**H:** Good God..... what are they....

**R:** Note that the entity appears to be performing some kind of self burial.

*Agent Rodriguez turns, the camera now facing away from the entity.*

**R:** Holy fuck.... Jarron....

**H:** [Inaudible]

*Agent Rodriguez's camera shows what appears to be dozens of entities exhibiting similar behaviour to the initial discovered entity.*

**R:** Jarron, we need to get out of here-

*Agent Rodriguez is suddenly jerked by an unknown force, falling to the ground.*

**?:** [REDACTED]

**H:** Lupita, what the fu-

*Agent Hellebuyck is cut off, likely by the same source. Agent Hellebuyck is not seen on camera again.*

**?:** [Screaming]

*Agent Rodriguez's body camera picks up a rooted entity engaging in stage six of infection. The entity emits an agonized scream before it's top explodes, raining spores across the area. It is believed whatever entity struck down the agents removed their respirators at this time. After this, Agent Rodriguez's body camera recorded no footage. Agent's Hellebuyck and Rodriguez would return to field base six hours later, where Dr. Zhang would report the incident and send them back to site-██ for decontamination.*

[END LOG]

**Video Log 07 Transcript**

**Date:** 20/06/2022

**Subject:** SCP-8423

**Team Lead:** Dr. Edward Zhang

**Team Members:** Dr. Manuel Abarca

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Zhang can be seen holding the camera, shaking visibly. His eyes appear wild, and his face is far paler than normal.*

**Dr. Zhang:** I saw them. They.... they were rooted. That's the only fucking way to describe it. They were half buried, and their tops.... or what once would have been heads were open. After they exploded.... they shrank, and morphed, and shrank again. The dash ones aren't dash ones at all. They're all the fucking fungus. The last stage. The fungus and the people, or animals, or whatever the hell aren't separate entities. The fungus are the people. I'm sending this to site command. I'm requesting that they [DATA EXPUNGED]. It'll wipe the place, but..... everyone goes down with it. I... it's the right thing to do.

[END LOG]

**Event Log 02 Transcript**

**Date:** 19/06/2022

**Subject:** SCP-8423

**Team Lead:** Dr. Edward Zhang

**Team Members:**

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Zhang can be seen walking in the forest, holding a camera pointed at himself. It is believed he is near the site where Hellebuyck and Rodriguez found the entities. Dr. Zhang is wearing a respirator and hazmat suit. It is determined to be around 12-1am.*

**Dr. Zhang:** This is where they were.... this is it... it has to be....

*Dr. Zhang can be seen surveying the forest floor. The area is covered in SCP-8423 growths.*

**Dr. Zhang:** This.... this can't be it.... there was so many....

*The camera swings, and reveals one entity still in stage six of infection. Dr. Zhang approaches the entity.*

**Dr. Zhang:** *(Quietly)* Where did the rest of you go?

*Suddenly, the entity enters late stage six of infection.*

**SCP-8423-1:** [Screaming]

*Dr. Zhang falls backward, dropping the camera. The entities top is caught exploding, raining spores over the area. Dr. Zhang's respirator was not removed.*

**Dr. Zhang:** Fuck! Stupid piece of shi-

*Dr. Zhang cuts himself off, observing the first recorded instance of stage 7 of infection. The entity slowly begins to shrivel and morph, turning from it's humanoid form into a fungus resembling Psilocybin Semilanceata.*

**Dr. Zhang:** No.... no... fuck.... [sobbing]

*Dr. Zhang can be seen slowly looking around the field, surrounded by SCP-8423 growths. He is last observed sobbing uncontrollably before sprinting from the field. The camera footage would be cut fifteen minutes after Dr. Zhang's departure.* 

[END LOG]

**Video Log 08 Transcript**

**Date:** 21/06/2022

**Subject:** SCP-8423

**Team Lead:** Dr. Edward Zhang

**Team Members:** Dr. Manuel Abarca

---

[BEGIN LOG]

*Dr. Zhang looks solemnly in the camera. He has clearly not slept, and appears unkempt.*

**Dr. Zhang:** They said yes. It'll all be done soon. For the best, I think. I've forwarded all of the work we did. I hope it'll be useful enough. Tell Elizabeth and Jacob I love them.

[END LOG]

> Testing to determine the extent of infectious capabilities by SCP-8423, and possible cures.

Date

DATA

Test

Result

12/11/2022

D-7966, male, 23

Made to inhale SCP-8423 spores, progressed to stage 3 of infection.

D-7966 given civilian antifungal medication.

Ineffective. Subject terminated.

21/11/2022

D-0917, female, 38

Made to inhale SCP-8423 spores, progressed to stage 3 of infection.

Given [REDACTED] developed by Foundation mycologists.

Effective. Subject cured within 3 hours of dose.

30/12/2022

D-3181, male, 30

Made to inhale SCP-8423 spores, progressed to stage 4 of infection.

Given [REDACTED] developed by Foundation mycologists.

Ineffective. Subject began convulsing upon being given dose before falling comatose, unable to awaken. Subject terminated.

> **Conclusion**

> Successful development of a cure for stage 3 of infection and lower. Research into later stage cures is underway.

> Test to determine the extent which SCP-8423 can withstand extreme temperatures.

Date

DATA

Time

Result

09/12/2022

SCP-8423 instance placed in a sealed box, temperature lowered to -30˚C.

1 Hour

No visible change to SCP-8423.

09/12/2022

SCP-8423 instance placed in a sealed box, temperature lowered to -45˚C.

1 Hour

No visible change to SCP-8423.

09/12/2022

SCP-8423 instance placed in a sealed box, temperature lowered to -60˚C.

34 Seconds

Once temperature lowered to -60˚C SCP-8423 rapidly shifts to a dark-blue/black shade and freezes, killing the instance.

> Following this, researchers were able to correctly predict the outcome of the highest temperature SCP-8423 was able to withstand.

Date

DATA

Time

Result

10/12/2022

SCP-8423 instance placed in a sealed box, temperature raised to 47˚C.

32 seconds

Once temperature raised to 47˚C SCP-8423 rapidly shifts to a black shade and dehydrates, killing the instance.

> **Conclusion**

> SCP-8423 operates on the same temperature maxima and minima as the human body.

> *The result of Operation Closed Canal was unequivocally a success. The work of the late Drs. Zhang & Abarca were invaluable to the containment of SCP-8423. The method in which Operation Closed Canal was concluded however is under no circumstances to be released to any personnel barring the O5 council. All that staff need to know is Operation Closed Canal resulted in the termination of all Foundation and civilian life. Any family or friend relations with townsfolk were given amnestics. The town and the people who lived there never existed. Discussion on this topic will be punishable by suspension. I will hear no more on the matter.*

> *- Dr. Martin, Area-87 Senior Supervisor*

</details>

[SCP-8422](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8422 ) | SCP-8423 | [SCP-8424](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8424 )

> **Filename:** mushroom.jpg

> **Author:** Alan Rockefeller

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Psilocybe.semilanceata.Alan.jpg

> **Filename:** 8423-Map.png

> **Author:** DocMart

> **License:** CC BY SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** http://scp-sandbox.wikidot.com/local--files/wiki:scp-8422/8423-Map.png
