]

=====

=====

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The containment cells, maintenance tunnels, airlocks and bathrooms present in all sites affected by SCP-8312-81 are to be regularly checked for signs of rust and SCP-8312-81 growths. In order to prevent possible spread, site-wide maintenance operations are to take place at the end of every month, with all personnel participating being rewarded with an increase of ration cards, as deemed appropriate by the site director.

Personnel found to be in possession of small amounts of SCP-8312-81 instances are to be punished with the removal of all stored ration cards. Cultivation and possession with the intent of distribution is to be punished by exposure.

**Description:** SCP-8312-81 Commonly called "Rust Fungi" by personnel below Class-A. is a manifestation of SCP-8312 in the form of a pink fungus, growing exclusively on rusted metal surfaces. SCP-8312-81 was first recorded following the shortage of Class-E personnel at Site-28 due to a structural failure, resulting in an incomplete execution of Procedure PHARMAKOI. Since then, SCP-8312-81 has been recorded at Sites -21, -38, -19, -17 and -87, accounting for half of all SCP Foundation facilities.

When smoked, SCP-8312-81 possesses dissociative qualities, commonly found in drugs such as ketamine or nitrous oxide. This has led to its use as a recreational drug among Class-D and Class-C personnel, with small criminal groups forming around its cultivation and sale As of 2004, its street price is 3 ration cards per gram..

In addition to causing mild hallucinations, increased memory retention and temporary pain relief, SCP-8312-81 has a variety of negative side effects manifesting throughout chronic use. These include insomnia, rashes, psychosis Especially common in older individuals., nostalgia, false memories, reduction in survival instincts and in extreme cases, partial skin liquefaction Regardless of elevation or proximity to local Scranton Reality Anchors..

# SCP-8312-81 USER INTERVIEW

---

The following interview took place at Site-19 and was conducted by Officer James Arknov of the LTF Beta-11 ("Fed's Coming"). The interviewee was a confirmed member of the Jason Group, an active gang dealing with the distribution of SCP-8312-81 across the site in addition to other criminal acts. Prior to capture, the interviewee was a potential Class-E candidate.

> *[BEGIN LOG]*

> 

> **Arknov:** Good evening, ██████. You've found yourself in a bit of a pickle here, I have to say. I remember the last time-

> 

> ██████: Whatever, James. I know I'm fucked. Just get over with it.

> 

> *[ ██████ is seen scratching at his arm, heavily wounded and covered in red rashes]*

> 

> **Arknov:** Who's to say that? You know, if you do give the names of your friends, we really won't have to do this. We can even assign you back to C, no D-time required. You just have to tell us who you got it from and where.

> 

> ██████: So what, I can get shanked next time I'm at the market? Come on, I know you, you're a smart guy.

> 

> **Arknov:** Please, cooperate. Telling me about breaking other laws really isn't helping you. Listen I really, really do want to help you. You remember sector F, right?

> 

> *[Multiple seconds of silence. ██████ looks down and chuckles]*

> 

> ██████: We've shown those fleshies Common name for SCP-8312-32. how it's done, eh?

> 

> *[Arknov smiles and nods, before patting ██████'s shoulder]*

> 

> **Arknov:** Man, clean up crew, those were the days. Remember when you got sucked up in those barracks?

> 

>  ██████: Thought you wouldn't dig me up. Man, it took us what, a week to get all the growths out there?

> 

> **Arknov:** Two, actually. See, you remember your old pal! Now, if you could...

> 

> *[Silence on recording]*

> 

>  ██████: Have you ever seen the sky, James? Trees? Birds?

> 

> **Arknov:** What?

> 

> ██████: I have. And trust me, they're so, so beautiful...

> 

> **Arknov:** What are you- you're not even an arrival, ██████. I'm not one, what do you mean-

> 

>  ██████: ...and the parks, and the plains. Cities even, they have this kind of 'vibe' to them, you know. They're the kind of thing you take for granted, but only appreciate once they're well and truly gone.

> 

> **Arknov:** I'm sorry, I truly am. I won't get you to talk, will I?

> 

> *[Multiple more seconds of silence. ██████ looks up at Arknov, then at the camera]*

> 

> ██████: I want to see them one more time, James. Please, let's not delay.

> 

> *[END LOG]*

The relation between the interviewee and Officer James Arknov was not known by Class-B personnel prior to the interview. Following it, the interviewee underwent exposure. This interview was the first case of SCP-8312-81 causing pre-SCP-8312 memories in its users.

Research into the use of SCP-8312-81 in order to prepare LTF members for eventual surface reclamation efforts is currently pending approval by the Overwatch Council.

<< [SCP-8311](SCP-8311) | SCP-8312 | [SCP-8313](SCP-8313) >>

=====

> **Filename:** fungi.jpg

> **Name:** Ascocoryne cylichnium 106134790.jpg

> **Author:** bjoerns

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ascocoryne_cylichnium_106134790.jpg

=====
