**Item #:** SCP-8032

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8032 is stored in a standard containment chamber at Site-08. No living subjects are allowed to be within a four meter radius of SCP-8032 outside of testing purposes. Any SCP-8032-1 affected subjects are to be contained, then informed on the proper protocols to remove the anomaly themselves. All neutralized SCP-8032-1 instances are to be disposed by incineration. 

SCP-8032-B is currently held in a standard humanoid containment chamber at Site-08 until further notice.

**Description:** SCP-8032 is a custom-made dunce cap. A piece of headwear used as punishment in schools between the 19th and 20th century. When an individual enters a four-meter radius of SCP-8032, the anomaly will convulse, produce sounds analogous to coughing, then produce an SCP-8032-1 instance before becoming inert.

SCP-8032-1 are instances of written media usually concerning topics of an instructional or educational nature. While their form varies, SCP-8032-1 instances share the trait of propelling itself towards the subject responsible for originally provoking SCP-8032. If successful in making contact, the instance will proceed to latch tightly around the subject's head, covering the entirety of their facial region.

SCP-8032-1 affected subjects do not require nourishment or respiration; the ability of speech and sight are also retained. Subjects are quickly inflicted with a series of hallucinations after the bonding process.The contents of these hallucinations are unique for each subject and corresponding to their SCP-8032-1 instance. These hallucinations are always presented as a problem or task that only the subject can interact with. Once the subject "solves" the issue, all anomalous phenomena cease and SCP-8032-1 will promptly detach from their face to no ill effect. ~~This is the only method to safely extract an SCP-8032-1 instance.~~

**Addendum-01, Discovery:** SCP-8032 first came to the Foundation's attention after detailed reports of 'books strangling people' emerged from a school in Ruston, Louisiana. SCP-8032 was found in one of the classrooms and was later extracted by the use of a robotic drone. A total of thirteen civilians were affected by SCP-8032-1 and were subsequently taken into custody.

It was learned that prior to Foundation intervention, the school's faculty were cleaning the building when a staff member discovered SCP-8032 in the attic, inadvertently activating its properties. Since SCP-8032's exact origins were left unclear, researchers began investigating if the instances can be safely removed without harming their host. This was accomplished by authorizing a series of tests of introducing D-class personnel to the anomaly. Below is the abridged testing log. To access the unabridged version, contact Dr. Falker:

| Subject | SCP-8032-1 | Hallucination | Parameters |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| D-11232 | Birdhouse construction manual. | An open grassy field with clear blue skies. A flock of birds were circling over a pile of wooden pieces and tools, chirping incessantly. A translucent and intangible completed birdhouse was near the pile. | D-11232 was instructed to remain stationary while technicians attempted to remove SCP-8032-1. SCP-8032-1 responded by increasing its grip around D-11232's head that, if left unabated, would have the potential to deliver enough pressure to crush his skull. D-11232 claimed that tornadoes and lightning were suddenly present in the fields -- the birds were also cawing harshly. Once extraction was aborted, both the hallucination and the SCP-8032-1 instance reverted to their baseline behavior. D-11232 decided to 'build' the bird house, which the birds settled inside upon its completion. SCP-8032-1 detached from D-11232. |
| D-55587 | Multiple pages of sheet music. | N/A. D-55587 was born blind. | Several minutes after attachment, a bookmark emerged from SCP-8032-1. The bookmark wrapped around D-55587's right pinkie finger before pressing itself against the surface to where her eyes were located. D-55587 was initially shocked but soon was elated by the interaction. D-55587 pantomimed playing the violin, using the bookmark as the string for a period of time before the SCP-8032-1 instance detached. D-55587 could not explain what occurred during the experiment but stated it was "the most pleasurable experience" she ever had. |
| D-45654 | Coloring book. | The same testing chamber D-45654 was standing in with the exception of all objects being painted in bright saturated colors. Crayons and a coloring-book similar in appearance to his SCP-8032-1 instance were present on the table near him. | D-45654 tried to nonchalantly color inside the book. SCP-8032-1 responded by producing its bookmark and slapping D-45654 across the back of the head multiple times until he stopped. D-45654 was startled until the bookmark wrapped around one of the crayons. The bookmark proceeded to color in one of the sections of line art neatly, then handed the crayon back to him. D-45654, anxiously, then carefully colored in the entire book until it was completely filled. After which, the SCP-8032-1 instance had detached immediately. |
| D-05678 | Cookbook. | *(See Addendum-02)* | *(See Addendum-02)* |
**Addendum-02, Incident.01:** Eventually, all faculty members were freed from SCP-8032-1 and released back into the civilian population following amnestization. Testing still resumed to better establish the exact parameters of SCP-8032's nature. Experimentation had generally been uneventful, with the only peculiarity arising when D-05678 became involved with the project. 

D-05678 was among the first D-Class to test with SCP-8032. After being bonded to SCP-8032-1, D-05678 saw hallucinations relating to a residential kitchen, alongside with tools and ingredients common in baking. For the test condition, D-05678 was instructed to abstain from interacting with the hallucination as long as possible. D-05678 did not require incentivization, as he appeared to hold a deep-seated disliking towards the hallucination itself, going as far as to intentionally trying to provoke his own SCP-8032-1 instance.D-05678 accomplishes this by looking into a reflective surface, firmly poke his instance, and verbally disparage the instance, commonly stating that "he wasn't the damn maid."

However, two weeks into the experiment, SCP-8032 began to wildly deviate from its standard behaviors, producing movement and sounds under its own accord. Furthermore, SCP-8032 has not produced a single SCP-8032-1 instance, even when provoked, a behavioral trait that has never occurred in the history of its containment. Intrigued, Dr. Falker reintroduced D-05678 to SCP-8032 in hopes of understanding this new phenomena.

---

<details>
<summary>▶ ACCESS SCiPNET:/8032/Site-08/Incident.01 ◀</summary>

> = **[BEGIN LOG]**

> 

> **Dr. Campbell:** Something's going to happen. I just know it.

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** The windows are tempered, we're going to be fine. 

> 

> **Dr. Campbell:** That's not what I meant.

> 

> *[Dr. Campbell looks from the observation window. D-05678 is leaning against the wall, hands in pockets. Although his face is obscured by the SCP-8032-1 instance, his posture is slouching and visibly wavering, indicating significant sleep deprivation. Opposite to D-05678 is SCP-8032, twitching and growling on its podium. Dr. Falker waves his hand.]*

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** You're overthinking it. D-05678, are you receiving?

> 

> *[D-05678 mumbles under his breath, nodding.]*

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** D-05678. Are you--

> 

> **D-05678:** I said yes! Are we done?

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** No. We just started.

> 

> **D-05678:** Oh, come on!

> 

> *[D-05678 moves towards the observation window. His movement is sluggish and uncoordinated. He takes a moment to steady himself.]*

> 

> **D-05678:** I've been standing here long enough and it still ain't doing shit! *[Whisper]* Fuck. Look. Obviously, it ain't biting and I'm not seeing that kitchen as much anymore... I can barely think right now... I want to go to bed before this stupid dictionary--

> 

> **Dr. Campbell:** Cookbook actually--

> 

> **D-05678:** To-may-to, to-mah-to. Look, seriously, I'm out of gas. Can we save this for another day?... for the love of god?... please? 

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** Sure. We can wrap up.

> 

> *[D-05678 sighs in relief. He walks towards the door.]*

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** After testing is done.

> 

> *[D-05678 turns around, visibly exasperated.]*

> 

> **D-05678:** I've already--.

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** I want you to physically engage with 8032. The anomaly seems pacified and you're already affected. Perfect opportunity to record more data.

> 

> **D-05678:** What?! No, that's crazy!

> 

> **Dr. Campbell:** I don't know.

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** You really need to stop *overthinking* it. You agreed with our terms, D-05678. 

> 

> **D-05678:** It's Devin! And between that or chalking up with the *nice* men with guns? Yeah, real fair choice there you guys. There's gotta be something else we can try!

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** Yes, we can think of something else... right after you *touch* it.

> 

> **D-05678:** ...*[Whisper]* Man, fuck you.

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** What was that?

> 

> **D-05678:** I said I'm going! Just... Jesus, just hold on.

> 

> *[D-05678 cautiously approaches SCP-8032, hastily tapping it with his pinkie finger. D-05678 jumps back in apprehension.]*

> 

> **D-05678:** Alright I did the thing--

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** Doesn't count. Hold the object with both hands.

> 

> **D-05678:** Of course not... shit... shit, shit, shit.

> 

> *[D-05678 slowly and delicately lifts SCP-8032 from the podium. D-05678 manages to maintain his grip on the anomaly despite it thrashing widely. D-05678 shudders violently, panting as he tries to remain still.]*

> 

> **D-05678:** Sweet Jesus... n-now are we good?

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** Hm... nope.

> 

> **D-05678:** Wha~~ You promised~~

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** --that if there were no more avenues to explore, we'd end the experiment. But you proved me there are, so we're not.

> 

> **D-05678:** Oh, blow me!

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** D-05678. Need I remind you that your wellbeing, as well as your pending release here depends entirely on behavior. So I suggest you rethink your next words very carefully.

> 

> **D-05678:** Funny. You said something similar about this damn beauty mark here. *[Points to SCP-8032-1 instance]* Your little pals in white said I'll be cruising down easy street. I knew it was bullshit but dear god you guys make snake oil salesmen seem holy. And the lessons? Boy, where to begin?

> 

> *[Dr. Falker was beginning to verbally reprimand D-05678 when he noticed that SCP-8032's thrashing was significantly diminishing. He nonverbally signals to Dr. Campbell to take notes.]*

> 

> **D-05678:** No! I'm not overacting! I can barely do my thing because I keep entering the same damn kitchen over and over again! Not a day goes by where I either stub my toe or nearly break my nose by slamming into a wall. The lights are too bright! The oven keeps beeping! And yet you chucklefucks still won't give me sleep meds.

> 

> *[SCP-8032 ceases shaking.]*

> 

> **D-05678:** And you really want to know something funny? I'd probably refuse the lesson still. Never liked cooking, let alone baking, but after all this. Heh. Screw that! Like I'm gonna take this shit seriously. A bunch of stupid lessons--

> 

> *[SCP-8032 begins growling again, resuming its shaking.]*

> 

> **D-05678:** --made for a hat made for literal stupid people! Honestly, I'd say it belongs in the bathroom. At least its paper would come to better use.

> 

> *[D-05678, accidently grips SCP-8032 too firmly, causing a section of its body to rip. The anomaly howls in pain. The SCP-8032-1 instance detaches from D-05678's face, falling on the ground. D-05678 softly gasps.]*

> 

> **D-05678:** I... wha--

> 

> *[SCP-8032 immediately flies out of D-05678's hands and engulfs his left cheek. D-05678 screams as he frantically tries to pull the anomaly off him but fails. SCP-8032 swallows more of D-05678's face, physically stretching over his scalp.]*

> 

> **D-05678:** Call someone! CALL SOMEONE!

> 

> *[Dr. Falker uses an intercom to call security. Dr. Campbell looks from the window with concern.]*

> 

> **Dr. Campbell:** I-I thought it couldn't...

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** Let security handle it, they'll know what to do... probably.

> 

> **Dr. Campbell:** Probably?!

> 

> **D-05678:** Hurry it up, I'm dying over here!

> 

> **Dr. Campbell:** What if we go down there ourselves? We could--

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** Not happening.

> 

> **Dr. Campbell:** What?

> 

> **D-05678:** WHAT?!

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** No one's supposed to go in there except for D-Class. We're not D-Class, Campbell.

> 

> **Dr. Campbell:** But he might die!

> 

> **D-05678:** Still in danger here! Getting vore'd and shit! Hello! Hello?!

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** Bad things tend to happen when you break protocol. We lose D-Class all the time. It's just how some of the experiments result in unfortunately. Nothing we can do about it.

> 

> **D-05678:** Are you serious?! Right in front of me, goddammit?!

> 

> *[Dr. Falker turns off the observation room's microphone. SCP-8032 now covers the majority of D-05678's face]*

> 

> **Dr. Campbell:** I mean... I know they're technically disposable but...

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** Like I said. Sometimes you have to accept what the situation is and move on. You'll have to be a major dunce to think otherwise... pun unintended of course.

> 

> **D-05678:** FALKER! YOU MOTHER--

> 

> *[D-05678 loses their grip on SCP-8032, allowing the entity to swallow his head in quick succession. Instantly, SCP-8032 returns to its baseline size. A loud crunch emanates from D-05678's head before his body collapses on the floor, noticeably twitching. Dr. Campbell cringes in discomfort. Dr. Falker pauses.]*

> 

> **Dr. Falker:** See? Nothing we can do.

> 

> = **[END LOG]**

</details>

---

**Addendum-03, SCP-8032-A:** D-05678 was hospitalized to ascertain his condition. A thorough examination of D-05678's head revealed that it was crushed tremendously by SCP-8032, enough to where it completely filled the interior of the entity. In spite of this, D-05678 continued to exhibit life signs, albeit in a comatose state. Due to this and the fact that SCP-8032 was still attached to him, D-05678 was placed under medical observation.

D-05678's SCP-8032-1 instance also changed dramatically during this event. Instead of neutralizing, the instance (SCP-8032-A) adopted new anomalous properties. These properties are listed as:

* Remaining continuously opened. Efforts to manually close SCP-8032-A have failed;

* The ability to resist physical damage, specifically tearing, staining and incineration;

* Autonomously turning its pages overtime;

* Changing its form from its aforementioned cookbook appearance to a black hardcover book containing only the words, **"SPECIAL ED"**.

SCP-8032-A's contents consist of multiple images drawn in panels, similar in manner to a comic book or graphic novel. The story features a main character named Devin Lacy, a human individual who bears great resemblance to D-05678, either undergoing a series of events or following through his daily life. Each one of SCP-8032-A's entries have been recorded down below:

---

<details>
<summary>▶ SCP-8032-A Transcripts and Observations ◀</summary>

> = **Entry #** 01

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Devin:** FUCKER!

> 

> *[Devin grips his head in pain.]*

> 

> **Devin:** T-The hell?

> 

> *[Devin carefully feels around his head, noticing he is resting on top of a bed. Devin sighs in relief.]*

> 

> **Devin:** It's a dream?

> 

> **Male Voice:** Nope.

> 

> *[Devin cranes his head left. A Foundation doctor is standing next to him. A name card hanging on his coat reads "Dr. Nelson Falker", who bares resemblance to the real life Dr. Falker.For ease of differentiation from the real life Dr. Falker, SCP-8032-A's depiction of Dr. Falker will be referred to as simply Nelson. Devin groans, rubbing the bridge of his nose.]*

> 

> **Devin:** So a nightmare then. That thing with the hat really happened?

> 

> **Nelson:** Mm-hmm. 

> 

> **Devin:** Goddammit. I'm probably gonna regret asking but what did I miss?

> 

> *[Nelson reads from his clipboard.]*

> 

> **Nelson:** Enough. After your little *accident* you were put under isolation. We were working hard on how to remove 8032 from you in one piece, believe it or not.

> 

> **Devin:** I *don't*. So how'd you guys manage to get it off?

> 

> **Nelson:** We didn't.

> 

> **Devin:** Eh?

> 

> **Nelson:** One day it simply slid off your head, neutralized itself from what I heard.

> 

> **Devin:** Really? Just like that?!

> 

> **Nelson:** Just like that. You sound disappointed, D-05678.

> 

> *[Devin scoffs, performing a dismissive gesture with his hand.]*

> 

> **Devin:** The only thing I feel disappointed in is not folding the pointed bastard right then and there. Pesky little shit didn't know when to quit.

> 

> *[Devin rubs his eyes, chuckling to himself. Nelson's facial features contort to a scowl. A tiny onomatopoeia of a growl is present near his lip.]*

> 

> **Nelson:** *[Whisper]* ***The pot said to the kettle.***

> 

> **Devin:** Huh?

> 

> *[Nelson's facial features instantly return to placid expression when Devin turns to look at him. Nelson flips through the clipboard's pages.]*

> 

> **Nelson:** I said that your medical reports didn't uncover anything unusual. You have a fine bill of health. Aside from the coma that is.

> 

> **Devin:** W-W-Wait, wait. Hold up, hold up... coma?! How long?

> 

> **Nelson:** Just a while.

> 

> **Devin:** ...Define "a while"

> 

> **Nelson:** Half a year.

> 

> **Devin:** Jesus Christ!

> 

> *[Devin massages his temples and chews his bedsheets in apparent frustration.]*

> 

> **Devin:** I lost all that time, time I will never get back... and you don't even remotely care in the slightest do you?

> 

> **Nelson:** It was pretty entertaining to watch. Does that count?

> 

> **Devin:** You cheeky mother...  ugh... so what now? Do I get carted off back to my cell soon?

> 

> **Nelson:** Far from it. There's no easy way of saying this so I'll put it bluntly. You're fired.

> 

> **Devin:** I'm... fired?

> 

> **Nelson:** Due to your poor performance in this past month, it's been decided that we'd revoke your D-Class status -- effective as soon as possible. 

> 

> **Devin:** So... I'm going back to death row?

> 

> **Nelson:** ...Well--

> 

> **Devin:** Oh, thank god! 

> 

> *[Devin falls back onto the pillow, expressing great relief.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Best early birthday gift ever.

> 

> **Nelson:** You're actually *happy* about this? You joined us because you wanted another out, remember?

> 

> **Devin:** What's worse than losing your life? Your dignity. "Just a month of cooperation, no biggie" my ass. You treat the freaks here with more respect and you know it. "D" stands for disposal after all... right, Dr. Fucker?

> 

> **Nelson:** I see. So you understand what this means, correct?

> 

> **Devin:** Pfft? So what? The needle, the chair, the fancy rope necktie? I'd take it any day of the week compared to the horror show -- oh, I'm sorry, *"experiments"* you got lying around here! Like I said, no regrets. So do it! Send my ass back to prison, let me have it!

> 

> *[Nelson pauses, then smiles.]*

> 

> **Nelson:** Who says about you going back to prison?

> 

> **Devin:** ...What do you mean by that?

> = **Entry #:** 02

> ~~-~~

> 

> **Devin:** Ah, so that's what he meant.

> 

> *[Devin alongside other D-Class are tied up to metal poles. Foundation security guards are lined up opposite to them, reloading their weapons.No implementation of terminating D-Class in this manner has been adopted in Site-08. Devin notices another individual next to him, whimpering and trembling violently.]*

> 

> **Devin:** First time?

> 

> *[The man stops shaking, staring at Devin with shock.]*

> 

> **Milo:** W-What?

> 

> **Devin:** First time seeing a firing squad in action? Saw a couple on those shock websites, but never thought I'd see one up close and personal. *[Chuckling]* They sure do love showcasing their little noise makers don't they?

> 

> **Milo:** W-We're about to die! H-How are you not scared?!

> 

> **Devin:** Oh, I’m terrified. Humor helps with the nerves. Name's Devin, five six seven eight.

> 

> *[Devin reaches out for a handshake. Milo hesitantly grasps the tips of his fingers.]*

> 

> **Milo:** Two zero triple sevens. Name's uh...

> 

> **Devin:** Milo, right? Always order the egg sandwiches in the cafeteria?

> 

> **Milo:** T-That's me.

> 

> **Devin:** Huh, I thought I knew you from somewhere. Let me guess, you got fired too.

> 

> **Milo:** N-No. Said I graduated from the program. This was supposed to be my... "farewell present."

> 

> **Devin:** *[Chuckling]* If this is a "present" I hate to see their version of "discipline."

> 

> *[Devin past Milo. More D-Class are being tied up, most of them protesting or loudly crying. Milo stops shaking, sighing.]*

> 

> **Milo:** There was never an out, was there?

> 

> **Devin:** In all honesty, probably not.

> 

> **Milo:** Oh...

> 

> **Devin:** But... think of it this way. Out of all the ways to go, compared to what I’ve heard, A bullet destroying your thoughts and memories doesn't feel so bad.

> 

> **Milo:** Maybe... but I had so much I wanted to do.

> 

> **Devin:** *[Sigh]* Don't we all? Oh, it's showtime.

> 

> *[A senior officer holds his arm up high. The firing squad readies their aim.]*

> 

> **Milo:** H-Hey. I k-know w-we just met but... I want to tell you that... I think you're a pretty s-swell guy.

> 

> *[Devin smiles, holding onto Milo's hand tightly.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Right back at you, kid. Right back at you.

> 

> **Senior Officer:** Fire!

> 

> *[Devin shuts his eyes, flinching as onomatopoeias of gunshots are placed around all sides of the panel. Several moments later, Devin opens his eyes. He expresses shock.]*

> 

> *[The firing squad lay down onto the floor, dead. The remaining security guards are engaged in battle with armed men wearing blue helmets. Multiple panels display both Foundation security personnel and the invading forces engaging in a shootout until the latter becomes victorious.]*

> 

> **Milo:** Oh my god! You're seeing this?!

> 

> **Devin:** How can I *not* see this?!

> 

> **Milo:** T-think they're friendly?

> 

> *[After finishing off the rest of the guards, the men start to march towards them, visibly determined. Sweat is beading down both Devin and Milo's head.]*

> 

> **Devin:** I was about to ask you the same thing.

> = **Entry #** 03

> ~~-~~

> 

> *[Many D-Class are being held in a fenced-off area guarded by the blue-helmeted men. Devin is pacing in place close to one of the fences, anxiously shaking his handcuffed hands.]*

> 

> **Devin:** --They haven't killed us yet. Good sign, right? T-That has to be a good sign... right?

> 

> *[Devin witnesses armed men shouting at a pair of D-Class outside the fenced area. The armed men end up pushed and beating them with sticks on the ground.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Or not.

> 

> **Male Voice:** No! No! This is a mistake! Please! I was just following orders! I'm not really with them!

> 

> *[Devin witnesses Nelson being restrained by more armed men. Nelson manages to escape their grasp and attempts to flee. One of the men responds by firing their rifle, causing Nelson's head to explode.]* 

> 

> **Devin:** Then yet again, no one's perfect.

> 

> *[The blue-helmeted soldiers push a D-Class into the pen. Devin expresses him with curiosity, then recognition.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Milo? You're alive!

> 

> **Milo:** H-Hey Devin! I guess I am. I could say the same for you too.

> 

> *[Milo abruptly hugs Devin. Devin is surprised, but slowly returns the gesture, patting on his back. Devin pulls back.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Okay, not get too lovey-dovey too soon. These guy's look like assholes.

> 

> **Milo:** N-No way, man they're cool!

> 

> **Devin:** Locking us in another cage is not *cool*, Milo.

> 

> **Milo:** D-Dude, l-listen. I talked to one of them. One of them was nice. He didn't talk much but... they say they're from the U.N.!

> 

> *[Devin stumbles back in disbelief.]*

> 

> **Devin:** What? No way, that's complete... I thought the assholes in coats were buddy-buddy with them?

> 

> **Milo:** Not anymore. They're... giving them the axe. This place is almost cleared out apparently.

> 

> **Devin:** Just this place?

> 

> *[Milo grins.]*

> 

> **Milo:** All of them. They're gutting the whole thing as we speak.

> 

> *[Devin stares at Milo, holding his breath before bursting into laughter. He slides against the fence onto the ground, slapping his knee multiple times. Milo sits by him.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Okay, I changed my mind. This is my new present now. *[Sigh]*... wait.

> 

> *[Devin looks to Milo with concern.]*

> 

> **Devin:** What's the catch?

> 

> **Milo:** He said that... we're all being sent to different places around the world. Something about assortment. Didn't explain anything beyond that.

> 

> **Devin:** Shit... hm... still better than dying like a dog.

> 

> *[Milo smirks.]*

> 

> **Milo:** If I'm a dog, you're a goddamn dragon.

> 

> *[Devin snorts. His eyes begin to water as he lightly punches Milo in the arm. They both laugh.]*

> 

> **Milo:** But for real, I never thought I'd see the day. It's crazy.

> 

> **Devin:** It's gonna get crazier, call it a hunch. *[Chuckles]* Just you and me, buddy. No idea what's gonna happen when the smoke clears, but I have a good feeling I can handle whatever's heading our way. I can promise you that.

> 

> *[Milo looks away from Devin. His facial features instantly contort to a smile. A tiny onomatopoeia of a growl is present near his mouth.]*

> 

> **Milo:** *Then I'll be sure to keep you to that promise then.*

> = ****Observation Report:**** SCP-8032-A

> 

> ****Notes**** Due to the overwhelming number of entries recorded, only events that had significant impact to SCP-8032-A's "story" will be summarized for ease of brevity. To see the full list, contact Dr. Falker.

> 

> ****Summary of Events:**** 

> 

> * Devin is brought to a large detention facility somewhere in Texas alongside other D-Class from Site-08. Devin is inside the main holding area and expresses disappointment to Milo that they "may not be out of the woods yet." Milo responds by gesturing to a wall-mounted television, featuring a new report of U.N. forces mobilizing around the world to combat the Foundation. Milo replies "maybe so, but it's better than being six feet under." Devin chuckles, agreeing with him.

> 

> * Devin sits at a desk with a member of the detention facility. He is worried because he has been aware that a significant portion of D-Class are being sent back to prisons across the country. However, to his relief he is informed he is pardoned by the United States government and released. Devin and Milo decide to rent an apartment in Colorado together.

> 

> * Despite their best efforts, both men are finding it difficult to acquire the funds to continue renting the apartment. While making breakfast, Devin overhears Milo watching television. Months after the U.N. has completely dismantled the Foundation, former members of the organization are being put on trial for crimes against humanity, becoming major news. After hearing this, Devin later gets his computer and begins typing.

> 

> * Devin is resting on his bed when Milo enters his room. Milo eagerly gives him a letter. Devin notices the letter is addressed from Penguin Random HouseA real life major book publisher in America and abroad. to which he hastily opens it. After reading aloud the contents of the letter, Devin and Milo literally jump out of joy around the former's room. The scene cuts to Devin and Milo wearing suits at the former's book signing, with a massive line forming at his table.

> 

> * Devin and Milo celebrate their newfound wealth by partying at a friend's residence of the latter. Halfway during the party he meets a woman by the name of Tracy Masters. The two converse and end up appreciating each other's company. Before departing the residence, Tracy gives Devin his phone number to which he graciously accepts.

> 

> * Devin and Tracy become officially romantically involved. They both say goodbye to Milo who leaves them on good terms with them. They soon depart for Florida and purchase a house by the beach. A montage then occurs showcasing Devin and Tracy getting married, Tracy getting pregnant, Devin holding his newborn daughter while smiling, and finally additional scenes of the two of them dedicated to raising their child, who is now named: Molly.

> 

> * As of the time of writing of this report, Devin is currently making preparations for his daughter's sixth birthday.

> = **Entry #** 616

> ~~-~~

> 

> *[Devin stares out the window, the beachside is visible. He smirks to himself and drinks his coffee. He is also conversing on his phone. Balloons and streamers are plastered around the kitchen.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Milo, run that by me again. They actually want a *second* book deal?

> 

> **Milo:** *You’re really that surprised? You made Harry Potter take a run for its money, that's nothing to write home about.*

> 

> **Devin:** You can thank the "Stupid Criminal Pissant Foundation'' for that. Not that I'm complaining. In an odd way I have to thank them, without putting me through hell... I wouldn't have a *hell* of a story to tell to begin with. You catch my drift?

> 

> **Milo:** *Totally. So it starts at five o' clock sharp? I know this is sudden but do you mind if I bring my brother along?*

> 

> **Devin:** Buddy, you can bring the entire damn family tree along for all I care. I owe you that much. I--

> 

> *[Tracy enters the kitchen, waiting patiently. Devin nods.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Hold on, Milo. Something came up. See you soon. Ciao

> 

> **Milo:** *Ciao.*

> 

> *[Devin ends the call, turning towards Tracy.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Just got off the phone with Milo. He'll be coming over soon. I already took care of wrapping the presents. How are the phone calls coming along?

> 

> *[Tracy walks towards Devin, hugging his shoulders.]*

> 

> **Tracy:** Pretty swell. Everyone on the guest list will be able to come. I'll pick up Molly from her ballet class as we decided but... something came up.

> 

> *[Devin pulls away from the hug]*

> 

> **Devin:** What came up?

> 

> **Tracy:** My mother's car broke down, and she's pressing for money right now, so... in order for her to come I'll have to pick her up very soon.

> 

> **Devin:** But you haven't even made the... oh, I see.

> 

> **Tracy:** Honey...

> 

> **Devin:** You know how I feel about baking.

> 

> **Tracy:** I know that honey, believe me, I do. But this literally just came up. I tried calling the bakeries but they're all busy! I wouldn't ask you if there were other options.

> 

> *[Devin groans. Tracy leans against his shoulder, pouting.]*

> 

> **Tracy:** *Please?*

> 

> *[Devin looks to the counter. A family picture is present. Devin sighs.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Fine, but this stays between you and me. Got it?

> 

> **Tracy:** My lips are sealed.

> 

> *[Tracy performs a zipping motion over her lips and pulls a box of cake mix from the pantry.]*

> 

> **Tracy:** It's very easy, barely an inconvenience. Remember to use the strawberry frosting! 

> 

> **Devin:** Thanks for the tip! *[Whisper]* The things I do for love. 

> 

> *[The next series of panels consist of Devin reading instructions, mixing ingredients, pouring the mixture into a pan and baking it into the oven. Throughout the process, Devin's frowning gradually shifts to a smile. By the time Devin is applying the frosting to the cake, Tracy returns to the kitchen, highly ecstatic.]*

> 

> **Tracy:** Oh my god, honey. It looks absolutely amazing! You're adding rainbow sprinkles?

> 

> **Devin:** I thought I'd go the extra mile. I still have to put in the lettering and candle but it looks mighty fine. I can't believe I was actually enjoying it. It was kind of fun actually.

> 

> **Tracy:** Oh, come here you.

>

> *[Tracy holds Devin's shirt. She is leaning in to kiss him.]*

> 

> **Devin:** Heh, to think this was so easy all along. 

> 

> **Tracy:** I was about to say the same thing... ***you gullible dunce!***

> 

> *[Devin abruptly opens his eyes, he is staring at a white wall.]*

> 

> **Devin:** ...What?

> 

> *[Devin looks around. It appears his entire head is stuck in the interior of a white cone-like object.]*

> 

> **Devin:** What! What the fuck! Tracy? Where are you? Tracy?! TRACY?!

> 

> *[Devin is shaking his head violently inside the tight space. The panels fade to white.]*

</details>

---

**Addendum-04, Update:** Five days later, after reaching the conclusion of the last page, SCP-8032-A closed its cover and self-neutralized. Simultaneously, D-05678 awakened from his coma. D-05678 frantically pulled and soon freed himself of SCP-8032. D-05678 appeared disoriented and confused, loudly shouting the names "Tracy" and "Molly" repeatedly until he noticed several researchers observing him from the observation window. D-05678 froze, scanning his eyes to his jumpsuit, then abruptly turned towards SCP-8032, which laid on the bed. D-05678, shuddered, mumbling to himself, then promptly fainted. 

While unconscious, D-05678 was subjected to a follow-up examination. Miraculously, D-05678's skull had been fully restored. However it was discovered that the entire collective of his brain tissue has been permanently morphed into a highly compressed, oval-like shaped object, vaguely resembling a peanut. Despite these radical changes to D-05678's neurology, the subject appears to be relatively fine physically.

D-05678 was designated SCP-8032-B indefinitely until the changes that occurred to his body could be fully understood alongside a full-in-depth psychological evaluation. Notably, SCP-8032 changed after this event, with the rims of its body being folded and curved upward, and has adopted this stance ever since.

<< [SCP-8031](SCP-8031) | SCP-8032 | [SCP-8033](SCP-8033) >>

> **Filename:** DunceCap.jpg

> **Name:** Museum of Lincolnshire Life, Lincoln, England - DSCF1726.JPG

> **Author:** Rept0n1x

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Museum_of_Lincolnshire_Life,_Lincoln,_England_-_DSCF1726.JPG)
