SCP-8570: "Any Means Necessary" by 

⚠️ **Content warning:** This article contains implications and references to torture, but does not contain explicit scenes or descriptions of torture.

=====

=====

**Item Number:** SCP-8570

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The entrance to SCP-8570 has been locked and a 10 ft chain-link fence has been erected around the perimeter. Security cameras and armed guards have been placed in the vicinity to prevent any attempts at entry. Signs have also been erected that name SCP-8570 as a condemned building and warn of the potential danger in approaching or entering SCP-8570, due to its structural damage. Access to SCP-8570 or its grounds is forbidden. In the event of a collapse due to the aforementioned structural damage, entry may be permitted in order to assess the level of destruction. 

**History:** SCP-8570 came to the attention of the Foundation after emergency services responded to the fire at its location and discovered the anomaly. No further information about SCP-8570’s origin, function or prior use is known.

**Description:** SCP-8570 is a house located on the outskirts of [REDACTED], ██, which appears to have been converted from domestic use for an unclear purpose at some point in the past. This includes the removal of the back door and all windows, which were subsequently filled in and/or boarded up. The structural integrity of SCP-8570 has been considerably compromised by fire, and the roof has collapsed in several parts of the house. An assessment concluded that the likelihood of further collapses is high, leading to the ban on entering the building.

The rooms within SCP-8570 are as follows:

* A parlour, containing two chairs and a table. One of the chairs was knocked over and left to lie where it fell. Marks on the floor indicate the prior presence of other furniture and/or storage units.

* A kitchen containing a stove, refrigerator, microwave and cabinets, all of which are empty. Aside from a strong smell of smoke, it is undamaged by the fire.

* A bathroom. Appears to be fully functional, but is otherwise empty. The walls are marked by fire damage.

* A bedroom. The ceiling has collapsed, making entry impossible. A twisted piece of metal found in the debris was later identified as a drill bit, coated in several unknown substances.

* A half-bathroom opposite the bedroom. The ceiling has collapsed, making entry impossible. Water damage from the broken sink necessitated turning off the utilities to SCP-8570.

* A smaller room that may have been intended as another bedroom, heavily marked by fire damage. All contents were destroyed and are unidentifiable.

* A room that was apparently used to hold or write documents, possibly intended as an office or another bedroom. It is believed that the fire started in this room, as the walls and floor are blackened by smoke and heat. The floor is covered in piles of ash; several scraps of paper were found within them upon investigation, though none were legible. The remains of a desk were found in one corner; a piece of paper found beneath the remains proved to be legible (though a significant portion had burned) and bore a list of names, some of which had been struck out.

* A room which appears to have been intended as the master bedroom but was used for unknown purposes. The door was replaced with a barred door which appears to have been locked or otherwise sealed shut, as all attempts to open it failed. The lightbulb in the room flickers constantly and randomly despite the utilities having been turned off, and swings in a perpetual arc. The room contains a single chair and no other furniture. The chair has been bolted to the middle of the floor and leather straps are attached to the arms and front legs. 

Thaumaturgic runes are visible on the floor of the master bedroom; Foundation specialists identified descriptions and recreations of those visible as pertaining to communication, control, longevity and obedience. Several of the runes are damaged, and one appears to have been drawn incorrectly. The walls bear a number of scratches, gouges and other signs of damage, some of which appear to have been made by human hands and others which appear to have been made by tools. Multiple members of the team who initially assessed SCP-8570 testified that the marks would disappear, reappear or move locations in the time between the lightbulb turning off and on, with reoccurrences appearing rarely. Bloodstains and pooled blood can be seen in various places around the room; the team attested that these also relocate upon the lightbulb failing to operate for periods of time. An unknown blackened substance coats part of the floor.

 

**Addendum:** While the assessment team was advised to avoid using cameras within SCP-8570, they utilised various tools to take samples of the blackened substance and the various pools of blood seen in the last room and brought them to [Site-17](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/site-17-hub) for testing, after recording the locations where the blood had been collected. The blackened substance was identified as a mixture of ash, candle wax and table saltThe last two being common components in the summoning and binding of ghosts., suggesting that thaumaturgic rituals may have been performed in that room.

The results for all blood samples returned as human. In addition, several of both the samples and the names on the list matched with those of various Persons of Interest (both lone figures and members of Groups of Interest) who were taken into custody and questioned regarding uncontained anomalies. However, Foundation records indicate clearly that all identified Persons of Interest were questioned, amnesticised and released. As is mandated by Foundation policy, regardless of their level of compliance or the quality and truthfulness of the information given. 

<< [SCP-8569](SCP-8569) | SCP-8570 | [SCP-8571](SCP-8571) >>
