=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8458

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** The two SCP-8458-As are kept in a 3.5m (11.5ft) by 3.5m cell. Personnel are to ensure that SCP-8458-A remain within 3m of each other; this act must be carried out manually as attempts to automate this process have failed. No attempt to recover any entity from SCP-8458-B should be made.

**Description:** SCP-8458-A is a set of two wooden statues, one of a hen and one of a rooster. SCP-8458-A always face each other and slowly move backwards at a rate congruent with the activity of local chicken factories. SCP-8458-A emit an anomalous aura that causes three main effects:

* Anxiety, often described as the feeling of being hunted.

* Drastic increase in body weight, regardless of eating habits.

* Drastic decrease in bone strength.

The intensity of these effects are determined by the distance between the two statues. Should these effects be allowed to permeate, the subject's bones will fail to support the subject's weight, and the subject will expire in a matter of days.

A circle is formed between SCP-8458-A, the distance between the two statues determining its diameter. Any entity that enters this circle is instantly transported to SCP-8458-B.

SCP-8458-B is a massive complex filled with 1m x 1m x 2.5m cells. Each cell is equipped with a single florescent light that can not be turned off or dimmed and a constant supply of water and nutrient paste. Similar to the effects of SCP-8458-A, subjects within SCP-8458-B will experience bone degradation and drastic weight gain should they choose to eat.

There is currently no way for the subject to exit the cell, leading to inevitable death via starvation or organ failure.

<< [SCP-8457](SCP-8457) | SCP-8458 | [SCP-8459](SCP-8459) >>

> Filename: Statues.jpg

> Author: 

> License: CC BY-SA 3.0
