---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8182 and D-8182 are currently being held in a standard humanoid containment cell within Site 12's Euclid housing wing.

**Description:** SCP-8182 is a Class-A ectological lifeform resembling a 19 year old human male. SCP-8182 has demonstrated minor physical capabilities, being able to displace objects weighing up to 5kg. With the exception of D-8182, SCP-8182 can not be perceived without the aid of specialized ectological equipment. D-8182 is a 23 year old human female. Prior attempts at isolating SCP-8182 have resulted in severe psychological distress in both entities. Due to ease of containment and low priority no further attempts are to be made at this time. 

**Discovery:** SCP-8182 was initially discovered and contained on October 21st, 2024. Please see addenda for associated logs. 

---

<details>
<summary>Addendum 8182-1:</summary>

 

> = **DISCOVERY LOG 8182-1**

> ----

> **DATE:** October 21st, 2024 5:23 pm

> 

> **PREFACE:** On September 6th, 2024, D-8182 was placed on Foundation Watchlist E-8000-24 after foundation AI within the American Psychiatric System flagged their reported hallucinations as potentially anomalous in nature. D-8182’s personal electronic devices were subsequently implanted with standard foundation monitoring programs. Recorded audio and video logs have been filtered and enhanced by Site 12’s ectology department.

> ----

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> *D-8182 is located at the bathroom sink in their apartment. They are brushing their teeth as YouTube makeup tutorials play through their smartphone’s speakers. SCP-8182 is seen slowly brushing D-8182’s hair.*

> 

> **SCP-8182:** I don’t see why you can’t just try it for my sake. I mean how will you know if you never even give them a chance.

> 

> **D-8182:** Don’t be a lech. I’m not dating girls just so you can get off.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** I didn’t mean it like that. I just think if we are both going to enjoy it doesn’t it make more sense for-

> 

> **D-8182:** If you don’t stop being gross Im going to fuck him tonight just to spite you

> 

> *(pause)*

> 

> **SCP-8182:** Oh please, you don’t need me to give you an excuse to be a slut.

> 

> *They both chuckle softly. D-8182 applies a facial cleanser as SCP-8182 clips in her earrings.*

> 

> **SCP-8182:** Seriously though? A game designer? You might as well try dating a cop.

> 

> **D-8182:** Phft… what do you know. He seems empathetic enough.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** But that’s what I’m saying. With these nerdy introvert types its hard to tell just over text if they have some fucked up worldview.

> 

> **D-8182:** You were a nerdy introvert type.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** Yeah but I changed for you.

> 

> *D-8182 snorts and begins to apply makeup.*

> 

> **D-8182:** Jokes aside I need you to promise me that you’ll at least try to be mature.

> 

> *SCP-8182 rests their head on D-8182’s shoulder.*

> 

> **SCP-8182:** I promise.

> 

> **<END LOG>**

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Addendum 8182-2:</summary>

> = **DISCOVERY LOG 8182-2**

> ----

> **DATE:** October 21st, 2024 6:32 pm

> 

> **PREFACE:** The following log was retrieved from Granger’s Restaurant and Bar’s internal security camera feed. This video has been filtered and enhanced by Site 12’s ectology department. 

> ----

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> *D-8182 and SCP-8182 enter the building and are led by a hostess to a central table.*

> 

> **Civilian:** Oh my god, hi!

> 

> **D-8182:** Hi.

> 

> *D-8182 and the civilian hug. SCP-8182 is seen fidgeting with the silverware on the table. The hostess notices a fork shift slightly and stares at the table.*

> 

> **Civilian:** So… do you think we can get our drinks?

> 

> *The hostess continues to stare at the silverware. The civilian waves their hand in front of the hostess’s face.*

> 

> **Civilian:** Hello? We’d like to order please.

> 

> *The hostess starts.*

> 

> **Hostess:** My apologies, what can I get started for you two?

> 

> **Civilian:** Perfect, I will have a rum and coke and she will have a…

> 

> *The civilian gestures at D-8182.*

> 

> **D-8182:** Just a water thank you.

> 

> **Hostess:** Alrighty, have those out for y’all in a jiff.

> 

> **D-8182:** Thank you.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** Alcohol right of the bat and he’s rude to wait staff. Tsk-tsk-tsk. 

> 

> *D-8182 purses their lips.*

> 

> **D-8182:** Actually ma’am could I please get your house margarita.

> 

> **Hostess:** Of course.

> 

> *D-8182 smiles as the hostess leaves, then glares at SCP-8182. The civilian glances in the same direction.*

> 

> **Civilian:** What are you looking at?

> 

>  **D-8182:** Oh, uh, nothing. I’m just really nervous.

> 

> **Civilian:** Well don’t be. You look beautiful by the way.

> 

> *SCP-8182 scoffs.*

> 

> **SCP-8182:** Real smooth my guy.

> 

> **D-8182:** Thank you.

> 

> **Civilian:** So what do you like to do for fun?

> 

> **D-8182:** Well… I, um… you know I…

> 

> *The civilian leans in.*

> 

> **D-8182:** I…

> 

> *SCP-8182 places their hand gently on D-8182’s arm.*

> 

> **D-8182:** I like to do community theatre… Have you ever been?

> 

> **Civilian:** I unfortunately can’t say I have. But I was in band in high school and we would play the score for the school’s musicals. But uh, just between you and me, I was only in the band to get closer to the band girls. Y’know real overachiever nerdy types. I actually thought I had a chance. Ha! 

> 

> **Hostess:** Here are your drinks.

> 

> **Civillian:** Oh thank you. But anyway, community theatre. What made you decide to get into tha-

> 

> *As he goes to take a sip of his rum and coke SCP-8182 grabs his arm yanking it upward and causing the civilian to spill the drink on himself.*

> 

> **Civilian:** Jesus Christ!

> 

> **D-8182:** Stop it!

> 

> *(pause)*

> 

> **Hostess:** I’ll go get you a towel.

> 

> **Civillian:** Thank you. I don’t know what that… gosh I’m so embarrassed. I’m so sorry. I’ll be right back. I’m just gonna head to the washroom. Please don’t leave. I still want to hear about your plays.

> 

> *The civilian stands up and leaves the camera frame.*

> 

> **D-8182:** (whispering) What the fuck are you doing.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** I’m ending this before we waste any more time on this schmuck.

> 

> **D-8182:** I knew this would happen.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** What?

> 

> **D-8182:** You’re not even giving him a chance.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** I am too.

> 

> **D-8182:** No you’re not. It hasn’t even been five minutes and you’ve already assaulted him.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** That was barely a push.

> 

> **D-8182:** I knew we weren’t ready for this. You’re a fucking child.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** A child?!

> 

> **D-8182:** Yep, a child.

> 

> *(pause)* 

> 

> **SCP-8182:** Okay. Well if I’m a child I guess I should just…

> 

> *SCP-8182 bend down and grabs the spoons on the table.*

> 

> **D-8182:** You wouldn’t dare.

> 

> *SCP-8182 lifts up the silverware and starts twirling them above D-8182’s head, knocking over the drinks, and intentionally drawing the attention of neighboring tables. Several other diners gasp and point. And a few bring out their phones to record.*

> 

> **D-8182:** Are you insane!

> 

> *D-8182 bolts up and runs out of the camera frame.*

> 

> **<END LOG>**

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Addendum 8182-3:</summary>

> = **DISCOVERY LOG 8182-3**

> ----

> **DATE:** October 21st, 2024 6:51 pm

> 

> **PREFACE:** At 6:39 pm foundation web scrapers flagged a Facebook Live upload recorded inside Granger’s Restaurant and Bar for anomalous activity. Site 12’s security department was notified and a junior MTF detail was dispatched for containment and amnestitization. The following log was captured by D-8182’s smartphone’s microphone in Hermann Park, Houston. This audio has been filtered and enhanced by Site 12’s ectology department. 

> ----

> **<BEGIN LOG>**

> 

> *Estimated 60 seconds until MTF arrival.*

> 

> **D-8182:** You’re the one who said I should start dating! You said you wanted me to be happy.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** I do, I just think we should be a little more selective. I mean come on. That guy was an asshole.

> 

> **D-8182:** Maybe! But that was my call to make, not yours.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** So what do I not even get a say.

> 

> **D-8182:** No.

> 

> **SCP-8182:** Wow. So I guess I’m just supposed to do nothing while you make all the important decisions in our life.

> 

> **D-8182:** It’s not our life! Its mine!

> 

> *(pause)*

> 

> *Estimated 30 seconds until MTF arrival.*

> 

> **D-8182:** Look. I’m sorry your life was just so painful that you couldn’t handle it. But that doesn’t give you the right to take over mine. Sometimes I wish-

> 

> *(pause)*

> 

> **D-8182:** I…

> 

> *(pause)*

> 

> **D-8182:** (unintelligible)

> 

> *(pause)*

> 

> **SCP-8182:** Come on just say it.

> 

> *Ectograph is taken.*

> 

> **D-8182:** I wish you never came back.

> 

> *(pause)*

> 

> **D-8182:** I don’t mea-

> 

> *MTF agents make contact.*

> 

> **<END LOG>**

</details>

---

<< [SCP-8181](SCP-8181) | SCP-8182 | [SCP-8183](SCP-8183) >>

=====

> **Filename:** Young Couple in Public Park - Lublin - Poland

> **Author:** [Adam Jones](https://www.flickr.com/people/41000732@N04)

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/adam_jones/9200230485/)

> 

> *The image has been edited.*

=====
