**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8604's entrance is to be obstructed with barricades of the type currently used in United States Forest Service operations. Two personnel are to remain stationed outside SCP-8604's entrance at all times. Under no circumstances should any individual, regardless of Foundation affiliation, be permitted to enter SCP-8604.

**Description:** SCP-8604 is an extradimensional space of apparent infinite length and a width between 3 and 8 metres. The entrance to SCP-8604 is dually monodirectional; the anomaly may not be accessed through its north or south sides, nor may the anomaly be exited by reversing course after entering it. The entrance to SCP-8604 is located within Uwharrie National Forest in North Carolina, United States.

Upon entering SCP-8604, robotic surveillance has confirmed that SCP-8604 extends an apparently infinite distance to both the front and back. Foliage and ground patterns repeat at an interval of approximately one kilometre. Within SCP-8604, fire can be seen at a distance of about 40 metres beyond the path of the clearing to the sides, which spreads and fades continuously without spreading closer to the path. Attempts to navigate out of SCP-8604 by exiting to the sides have consistently resulted in the loss of exploration vehicles via incineration.

A number of manmade objects have been located within SCP-8604 during automated exploration. A log of such objects and their distance beyond the entrance in metres is below. Negative distances and italicization indicate reverse direction from the entrance.

***-4m:** A single extinguished cigarette.*

**7m:** A dog's leash.

***-19m:** A pair of steel-toe hiking boots, singed by flames - significant melting on rubber sole.*

**22m:** A white handkerchief.

***-340m:** The cover sleeve for a North Carolina trail map.* 

***-1.6km:** A single extinguished cigarette.* 

**2.4km:** A piece of white parchment, containing breadcrumbs and other detritus.

**9.6km:** A red knit cap, located on a high branch of a tree at the side of the clearing. 

***-13.4km:** A photograph of an unknown man, posing with two children. A hunting knife is driven through the photograph, at least ten centimetres into the ground.*

**41.8km:** The skeleton of a middle-aged individual. Folding of remains consistent with kneeling position at death. A piece of paper with text rendered unreadable by water damage is located beside the skeleton.

***-46.5km:*** An empty carton of cigarettes. At this location, a significant area of burned bark and vegetation is visible to the left, clearing a path extending into the fire beyond the trail.

After 100km of exploration in both directions, no further manmade artifacts have been found.

> **Filename: kd21.jpg** 

> **Name:** Ride into Thetford Forest

> **Author:** Jonathan Billinger

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Ride_into_Thetford_Forest_-_geograph.org.uk_-_397296.jpg

<< [SCP-8603](SCP-8603) | SCP-8604 | [SCP-8605](SCP-8605) >>
