.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

@@ @@

# NOTICE OF INFORMATION CONTROL

---

### THIS DOCUMENT IS TO BE MAINTAINED BY THE FOUNDATION LOGISTICS DEPARTMENT, UNDER SUPERVISION FROM THE RECORDKEEPING AND INFORMATION SECURITY ADMINISTRATION

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8497 is to be housed in a standard Foundation Executive Office at Logistical Site-3. The office is to be fitted with an RFID keycard reader and a variating password authenticator-activated security door. Access codes and valid RFID keycards will only be issued to the Administrative Department Director, Recordkeeping and Information Security Administration Director, and Logistics Department Overseeing Foreman. 

The Logistics Department's Overseeing Foreman is to receive direction and training on how to operate SCP-8497 safely as part of their induction brief (See Incident Report 8497-1). For this reason, they are the only one out of the three who is authorized to make changes to SCP-8497. 

Important information is to always be copied into a paper format and filed within the Foundation Physical Archive's 8497 Annex at Site-3 to maintain continuity of information if SCP-8497 ceases to function or SCP-8497 is undergoing a hardware update (See P-8497-A and P-8497-B). RAISA is also charged with maintaining the FS-8497-B system. It is a copy of SCP-8497 built with conventional technology and left empty. In the event of a failure of SCP-8497, this system is to be activated to replace SCP-8497 at the predicted cost of a 400% loss in efficiency.   

**Description:** SCP-8497 is a 52EB SSD containing a modified copy of the program Microsoft Excel 2007 (v12.0) as well as a single file titled "Foundation Management System V183". This SSD is currently loaded into a modified Foundation computer built to support the size and power requirements of the SSD. 

The Foundation Management System V183 file is a spreadsheet containing several live self-updating tables with information pertaining to Foundation logistics services, security deployments, ███ agent rosters, SCP locations, containment cell grading, janitorial work schedules, and the Foundation's financials, among hundreds of othersThe current count of sheets is 742. Though the computer housing SCP-8497 has no means of internet connection, all tables update autonomously with accurate information pulled from an unknown source. Edits or additions made in any of these tables will result in these changes being reflected on all Foundation systems no matter encryption levels, with the exclusion of printed data. The Scientific Department has determined that under SCP-8497's management, the Foundation has seen a 230% rise in efficiency in background operations, logistics and information management, allowing for further Foundation reach and operations. 

The system containing what would become SCP-8497 has been in Foundation service since ████ with the pivot from paper-based sources to a more digital approach. Originally operating on Lotus 1-2-3 and Multiplan, the Foundation shifted to Microsoft Excel 3.0 in ████. It is unknown what gave SCP-8497 its anomalous effects, but in ████ the Foundation Management System began to self-update all tables and cells, self-populating hundreds of sheets touching on all operational areas of the Foundation. Foundation Personnel confirmed with members of the Microsoft company that this was not an intended feature before giving the computer an SCP designation and moving it to containment at Site-15 for further testing. With SCP-8497 being given a "Thaumiel" designation and the Foundation's efficiency severely dwindling across all sites and operational areas, SCP-8497 was moved from Site-15 to a newly founded Logistical Site-3 in Anchorage, Alaska, and reinstated as the Foundation's main logistical and bureaucratic management system, designated as "The Foundation Management System" (FMS). Seemingly self-connecting to all digital Foundation systems, including logistics management systems, SCiPNET, personnel databases, security rosters, and financial management software, among many others, SCP-8497 began making changes to these systems in accordance with its own data and information.

**Addendums:** 

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? Two (2) new messages!</summary>

**To:** All Foundation Site Directors

**From:** Logistics Department Communications

**Subject:** SCP-8497 Janitorial Incident

---

Good morning all,

As I'm sure you are all aware there was a major mishap with the janitorial schedules across all Foundation sites. The table for janitorial scheduling was unknowingly deleted by the former Logistics Department Overseeing Foremen, resulting in all sites losing access to a proper janitorial schedule. We understand that without routine cleaning and repairs, sites become dysfunctional It should be noted the damage from Incident 8497-1 cost the Foundation $8.3 Billion USD. quickly, and for this, we apologize. We have reinstated the janitorial schedule. This change will reflect on all Foundation databases. The Overseeing Foreman has been dismissed from his position pending an investigation into the incident. If any issues come about with these schedules, please do not hesitate to contact me.

Regards,

Tanya Simone

Overseeing Forewoman, Logistics Department       

@@ @@

**To:** Logistics Department Communications

**From:** Internal Tribunal Department

**Subject:** Re: Incident 8497-1 Investigation

---

Good afternoon,

I hope this email finds you well. The investigation into Incident 8497-1 has been reviewed by the Internal Tribunal Department. Our findings and follow-up actions will be expanded on below.

On May 15 ████, Overseeing Foreman Alex Rodriguez did delete a table on SCP-8497 titled "Foundation Wide Janitorial Schedules". Due to SCP-8497's nature, this deletion resulted in all Foundation systems being wiped of all janitorial scheduling. This action went unnoticed for two weeks before complaints arose and the deletion was found, resulting in the reinstatement of the Foundation-Wide Janitorial Schedules table. The Internal Tribunal Department finds no reason to believe that this action was taken intentionally and so does not violate sections I, III, or VI of the Legal Codex. However, this show of incompetence and unpreparedness cannot be overlooked. The Internal Tribunal Department has seen fit to issue the following actions be taken to resolve the situation and prevent similar mistakes.

* Alex Rodriguez will be demoted in rank and reassigned according to Foundation needsAlex Rodriguez was demoted to the rank of site supervisor and moved to Area-14. .

* The addition of an SCP-8497 usage guide to the Overseeing Foremen's briefing package including materials to reference for its operation.

* Further monitoring and oversight by the Recordkeeping and Information Security Administration to prevent similar incidents in the future.

Should you have any questions regarding the new installment of procedures, please contact the Internal Tribunal Department or your direct supervisors for more information.

Sincerely,

Ryan Jacobs

Chair, Incident 8497-1 Investigation Committee

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>+ P-8497-A</summary>

[THIS DOCUMENT IS TO BE COPIED TO A PRINT SOURCE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES]

---

Protocol Designation: P-8497-A

Creation Date: 04/02/2003

Date of Last Edit: 04/28/2015

Date of Last Use: 07/06/2007

Description: Due to the Foundation's ever-growing catalog of anomalies, sites, and personnel, SCP-8497's supporting hardware must be updated to cope with the ever growing demand from the amount of data catalogued on SCP-8497's self-expanding SSD. For this reason and for short periods of time, SCP-8497 must be temporarily deactivated to fit or exchange new parts to keep SCP-8497 in full working order. Before initiating P-8497-A, several conditions must be satisfied to ensure minimal intrusion into the Foundation's operations. They are as follows:

* The deactivation must be authorized by the respective directors of the Administrative Department, Logistics Department, and RAISA.

* A Foundation-wide memo is to be circulated no later than two weeks prior informing personnel of the outage in information services.

* Important documentation is to be reviewed by RAISA agents to ensure that all vital information is up to date and printed out.

Once these conditions are satisfied, SCP-8497 may be deactivated for a period ****no longer than 24 hours**** to preform the necessary repairs or replacements.

Note: As of December 13th, 1992, all personnel working on the repair or replacement of SCP-8497's parts must hold Level 3 Clearance.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>+ P-8497-B</summary>

[THIS DOCUMENT IS TO BE COPIED TO A PRINT SOURCE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES]

---

Protocol Designation: P-8497-B

Creation Date: 06/04/2001

Date of Last Edit: 09/16/2018

Date of Last Use: N/A

Description: In the event that SCP-8497 ceases its functionality, several fail-safes have been created to ensure the continuity of information and functionality of the Foundation. On a yearly cycle or in the event of a major administrative change, RAISA will review all Foundation documentation to ensure that sensitive or vital information is printed and stored within the Foundation's physical archives at Site-3. Should SCP-8497 fall into a state of disrepair, these documents are to be copied and circulated via SCiPNET and mail alongside instructions for all site and departmental commands on how to proceed. Concurrently, RAISA personnel must activate the FS-8497-B system and port the most important documents saved in the Foundation Archives, vital to site operation, including the physical backups of the SCP database, security clearances, logistics sheets, and employee databases

Note: A more detailed guide can be found within the RAISA Operations Handbook.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>+ Logistics Department Overseeing Foreman Guide (excerpts)</summary>

> "Always double-check edits or additions to ensure they are accurate. If you are unsure, check with the assigned RAISA supervisor."

> 

> - Page 20, Chapter 4 "Additions and Edits"

> "Vigilance is important; should extra-anomalous behavior be found in SCP-8497, contact the assigned researcher via the number or email found in Chapter 33, Page 432."

> 

> - Page 55, Chapter 12 "Anomalous Awareness"

> "Control Z is your FRIEND! If you mess something up, use it to revert your mistake as it still works."

> 

> - Page 12, Chapter 3 "SCP-8497's Capabilities" It should be noted that this quote has been manually written in by a former Overseeing Foreman. Due to its relevance, it has been kept in the document.  

> "Do not under any circumstance minimize SCP-8497, instead close SCP-8497 and re-open as required. For more information see Incident Report 8497-4-A" Data for Incident Report 8497-4-A lost in Incident 8497-5-B  

> 

> - Page 108, Chapter 31 "Lessons Learned"

> "Logistics is behind everything the Foundation does. Ever wonder how the Foundation manages its vast resources or how it can undertake such great feats? SCP-8497 is the answer to the Foundation's logistical monster, and now you are tasked with maintaining its operation as Overseeing Foreman."

> 

> - Page 2, Chapter 1 "Welcome Overseeing Foreman"

> "For obvious reasons, food and drink are not permitted around SCP-8497 in order to maintain its functionality."

> 

> - Page 5, Chapter 2 "Basic Rules of Use"

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>+ SCP-8497 Major Sheets (2007)</summary>

Below is a list of major sheets that can be found on SCP-8497. There are hundreds of "lesser" sheets which work alongside the major sheets which will not be detailed here. 

Sheet Name

Description 

Foundation Wide Janitorial Schedules 

Foundation wide janitorial scheduling sheets.

SCP Classifications

Detailing all SCP object designations and classifications as well as a link to each object's file.

Security Roster

Detailing postings and schedules for members of the Security Department

ScD Employee Database

Detailing all members of the Scientific Department, site postings, projects, clearance levels and positions within the department.

AD Employee Database

Detailing all members of the Administrative Department, site postings, division, clearance levels and positions within the department.

DEA Employee Database

Detailing all members of the Department of External Affairs, diplomatic assignments/postings, clearance levels and positions within the department.

Recruitment Roster

Details all potential recruits which the Foundation is intaking. Listing the recruiting department, intake group, former position, time to recruitment and status. The Recruitment Roster auto-updates the statuses of these personnel and so requires no direct interaction.

Class D Intake

Detailing all Class D personnel being recruited by the Foundation. Listing names, D Designation, assigned site and time until end of service.

E&TS Employee Database

Detailing all members of the Engineering and Technical Services, site postings, specialization, clearance levels and positions within the department.

E&TS Maintenance List

One of the longest sheets in SCP-8497's database, the maintenance list details all maintenance requests across the Foundation.

LD Employee Database

Detailing all members of the Logistics Department, site postings, division, clearance levels and positions within the department.

Logistics Tracking Sheet

Tracking all official Logistics Department movements. Detailing payload, location of origin, destination, transporting supervisor, status and after action report.

Anomalous Logistics Tracking Sheet

A separate list from the one before, this sheet tracks the transport of all anomalous or suspected anomalous objects. It details the object number (if applicable), object class, location of origin, destination, transporting supervisor, security escort (if applicable), status and after action reports.  

IA Employee Database

Detailing all members of the Intelligence Agency, postings, imbedded services, clearance levels and positions within the department.

ISD Employee Database

[DATA EXPUNGED]

MaD Employee Database

Detailing all members of the Manufacturing Department, site postings, projects, clearance levels and positions within the department.

[DELETED]

[DELETED]

MD Employee Database

Detailing all members of the Medical Department, site postings, fields of specialty, clearance levels and positions within the department.

MD Personnel Checkup Board

Created in line with the Medical Department's required checkup program, this board tracks all Foundation employees and how long until their next mandatory medical checkup.

MTF Employee Database

Detailing all members of the Mobile Task Forces, task force postings, ranks, specializations, clearance levels and operational statuses.

MTF > Task Force Database

A list of all MTF units including the number of personnel, task force mission, action reports, operational statuses and containment track record (if applicable)

Foundation Financial 

This sheet details all financial interactions the Foundation makes including employee pay, government spending, containment operation costs, income, casualty costs, etc.

O5 Council Database

[SEALED] This file has been sealed by order of the O5 Council and protected via memetic kill agents. Only personnel holding Level 5 Clearance can access this sheet. 

Foundation Operations

Detailing all major Foundation operations, including involved departments/units, after action reports, casualties, cost and mission status.

*Last Updated: November 5th, 2007*

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? Four (4) new message!</summary>

**To:** Dr. Evelyn Chevalier  

**From:** Overseeing Foreman Hayden Karp

**Subject:** Chapter 12 Inquiry, possible extra-anomalous activities  

---

Good Morning, Doctor,

I hope this email finds you well. I am sending you this message today because of a discrepancy I noticed in SCP-8497's Scientific Department database. I have a Junior Researcher named "James White" who has appeared within the database assigned to Site-15. Normally, this wouldn't be an issue; however, his date of hire is listed as two weeks from today. I double-checked with the division head at the site, and he informed me that they were looking at a candidate under the same name. I just wanted to keep you informed of this.

Best,

Hayden Karp

Overseeing Foreman, Logistics Department 

Dr. White was hired on ██/██/████ at Site-15 as listed by SCP-8497

@@ @@

**To:** Dr. Evelyn Chevalier

**From:** Overseeing Foreman Hayden Karp

**Subject:** Re: Chapter 12 Inquiry, possible extra-anomalous activities  

---

Hello again, Doctor,

Regarding my last email, I have come across another discrepancy in the system. This time, within the incident report sheet. I have an incident report dated ██/██/████, which again is about three weeks out from today. It's listing a containment breach at Area-14. This incident report is very fleshed out, including times, sub-reports, and other information. I've reached out to Security Chief Thomas in order to corroborate the report, but he's informed me that no such incident has occurred. Is this just a glitch in the system, or is there something I should be concerned about?

Best,

Hayden Karp

Overseeing Foreman, Logistics Department.      

Area-14 experienced a partial containment failure on the date listed by SCP-8497; there were 22 casualties with a successful containment efforts being initiated. Security Chief Thomas's report mirrored the one already stored by SCP-8497.

@@ @@

**To:** Overseeing Foreman Hayden Karp

**From:** Dr. Evelyn Chevalier 

**Subject:** Re: Chapter 12 Inquiry, possible extra-anomalous activities  

---

Good evening, Mr. Karp,

I apologize for my delayed response. Regarding your last two emails, I'm not entirely sure. They may be inputs with improper dates, but I will have my team look over the information in the morning. I think the only thing we can do is wait to see if either of these events come to fruition or if it's just a glitch in the system. Please continue monitoring the anomalies, and we will touch base soon.

Thanks,

Dr. Evelyn Chevalier

Senior Researcher, SCP-8497 Support Cell.

@@ @@

**To:** Overseeing Foreman Hayden Karp

**CC:** AD Director Ma, RAISA Director Jones 

**From:** Dr. Evelyn Chevalier 

**Subject:** Chapter 12 Inquiry, 4 Week Touch Base  

---

Good evening, Mr. Karp,

After reviewing the discrepancies and coordinating with research staff from Site-15 and Area-14, I have determined that this is a proper case of extra-anomalous capabilities manifesting within SCP-8497. I will be in tomorrow in order to take a better look at the object itself, though at this time it seems that the effects seem to be non-harmful to continue operation. Please keep an eye out for more anomalies within the tables, and I will deliver you a report when my research is complete. I have taken the liberty of CCing Directors Jones and Ma in order to inform them of the ongoing situation.  

Thanks,

Dr. Evelyn Chevalier

Senior Researcher, SCP-8497 Support Cell 

[THIS DOCUMENT IS TO BE COPIED TO A PRINT SOURCE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES]

---

****SCP-8497 Exta-Anomalous Capabilities Report****  

 On August 17th ████, Overseeing Foreman Karp contacted me about possible extra-anomalous capabilities that had developed within SCP-8497. He first reported a researcher in the Scientific Department database whose hiring date was two weeks prior to that date. The same day, the Overseeing Foreman contacted me regarding another discrepancy relating to a containment breach report that was listed as three weeks in the future. Both the Overseeing Foreman and I contacted relevant authorities to find that no such event had taken place, thus nullifying the possibility that there were misinputs into SCP-8497. Several more incidents were reported after this, mostly hirings, terminations, and incidents being pre-recorded by SCP-8497. Each time, its predictions seemed to be correct down to the hour. At this time, I believe that SCP-8497 is able to make accurate, yet random predictions regarding Foundation logistics.

I have already suggested several tests to be run regarding the accuracy and ability of SCP-8497 to make these predictions, all pending approval from higher authorities. Until this time, this is all the information I have on this subject.         

[THIS DOCUMENT IS TO BE COPIED TO A PRINT SOURCE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES]

---

****Attempted Incident Prevention At Site-██****

██/██/████, SCP-8497 generated a new incident report titled "Site-██ Incident Report". In an attempt to prevent this event from going through, the Foundation authorized the deployment of several Mobile task Forces to Site-██ in order to assist onsite security to prepare for the incident to come, using the information given by SCP-8497. When the time of the incident came, SCP-8497's table changed the information previously presented to the overseeing foremen, now detailing a total containment failure. Casualties from this event were exactly as SCP-8497's original prediction. This attempt at prevention was repeated several times to similar effect, wherein SCP-8497 would make last-minute changes to its original information, resulting in the events matching up with its original outcome with small changes to how the incident plays out.

From now on, any cells, sheets, or otherwise that house predictions by SCP-8497 are to be logged with their results, followed up on after the incident has occurred. **Under no circumstances should **anyone** attempt to alter a prediction by SCP-8497**

> "While SCP-8497's predicated outcomes seem immutable, the methods by which they come about are not always as conspicuous as they may seem. ****Do not assume**** every indicated outcome will come about as a result of one specific method."

> 

> - Page 66, Chapter 12 "Anomalous Awareness"           

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

## * ##black|BY ORDER OF THE OVERSEER COUNCIL##

##black|The following file is sealed. Unauthorized access is forbidden.##

= **##black|8497##**

@@ @@

@@ @@

[THIS DOCUMENT IS TO BE COPIED TO A PRINT SOURCE IN ACCORDANCE WITH SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES]

---

****SCP-8497 creates notices of death****

On ██/██/████, SCP-8497 created a sub-table titled "Death Ledger" under the O5 Council Database sheet. Listing all former and current Councilors' dates and times of death,as well as recommended replacements. The Overseeing Foreman reported the incident to his RAISA supervisor, which quickly made its way into the preview of the O5 Council. 

In response, the O5 Council sealed the O5 Council Database entirely, with all involved personnel receiving amnestic treatment in order to maintain information security regarding the O5 Councilors' dates of death. From this point forward, the O5 Council Database is secured with a memetic seal to ensure no unauthorized access is granted to those outside of the O5 Council. This report, in turn, has been sealed to the same level of access.                    

</details>

<< [SCP-8496](SCP-8496) | SCP-8497| [SCP-8498](SCP-8498) >>

---
