⚠️ **Content warning:** Contains Nazis and body mutilation

⚠️ **Word Count:** 8,259

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8708 is currently held at Site-510 at Scapa Flow within the Orkney Islands. SCP-8708 is to remain moored in its containment pen. SCP-8708-1 is inert and requires no additional containment procedures. Site personnel must conduct daily leak inspections of the seal plugs fitted to the exterior ends of SCP-8708's rear torpedo tubes, as well as the interior tube hatches.

**Description:** SCP-8708 is a type IXB U-boat utilized by the German Kriegsmarine during the Second World War. SCP-8708 possesses all standard equipment for a U-boat operating in mid-1941. The object exhibits signs of weathering, with the forward hull in particular showing buckling and warping indicative of repeated violent frontal impacts. Internally, the object exhibits signs of habitation typical of a U-boat deployed for an extended patrol. The rear torpedo compartment of SCP-8708 has undergone advanced corrosion due to prolonged seawater exposure. Due to severe warpage, the interior hatches of the rear torpedo tubes cannot seal properly. The outer torpedo hatches are missing and have been replaced with seal plugs.

SCP-8708-1 is a large device of Obskuracorps origins. It occupies one-fourth of the internal space of the object's conning tower, roughly the size of SCP-8708's torpedo data computer. SCP-8708-1 is heavily damaged, having suffered an apparent power surge and electrical fire. The object possesses three rows of rune-like symbols on its exterior casing. These symbols most closely resemble Elder FutharkElder Futhark is the oldest known runic alphabet., but are not derived from it. Foundation linguists have been unable to translate the runic symbols. The first two rows of symbols are engraved on the device. The third row is disproportionately scaled to the other two rows and written in blood.

Within the device's internal cavity, Foundation staff discovered a single humerus boneCarbon dating has revealed that the bone was 48 years old at the time of containment. suspended in the center of the cavity, covered with similar engravings to those found on the outer casing of SCP-8708-1. The bone is suspended by electrical cabling connected to SCP-8708's battery cells. All attempts at reactivating SCP-8708-1 have failed.

According to several recovered personnel accounts, SCP-8708 was designated as U-112 prior to containment. No records of an operational U-112 or its crew exist within German naval archives.

= **RECOVERY REPORT: SCP-8708**

---

**DATE(S): 2/14/1946**

**NOTE: The following is the official recovery report for SCP-8708. Information detailed in the report includes both background information (i.e, events leading up to recovery) as well as recovery information.** 

---

[REPORT START]

**08:00, 2/14/1946:** An RAF Coastal Command Sunderland aircraft conducting a patrol of the Western Approaches reports the first sighting of SCP-8708.

**9:20, 2/14/1946:** A ship belonging to His Majesty's Coast Guard arrives at the given coordinates of SCP-8708. It is quickly confirmed that the object is a German submarine, which prompts the Coast Guard to contact the Royal Navy.

**10:00, 2/14/1946:** A Royal Navy destroyer arrives at SCP-8708's location with a detachment of Royal Marines. When the Royal Marines board the object, it is quickly determined that it is abandoned. Marines note the presence of pack ice deposits on the object's deck and conning tower as they board.

**10:30, 2/14/1946:** A tug boat arrives on the scene. Tow lines are attached to SCP-8708, and the object is towed to Scapa Flow naval base. During the transit, the Foundation is contacted concerning SCP-8708-1 and its likely anomalous nature.

**18:45, 2/14/1946:** SCP-8708 arrives at Scapa Flow naval base. Foundation field agents are dispatched to receive SCP-8708 and conduct an initial inspection of SCP-8708-1. Divers conduct a full hull inspection of the object, discovering the presence of *Fucus gardneri* on the object's prop blades Fucus gardneri, also known as rockweed, is a species of algae native to the Pacific coasts of North America..

**18:49, 2/14/1946:** With field agents confirming the anomalous properties of SCP-8708-1; SCP-8708 is officially transferred to Foundation custody.

[END REPORT]

---

Foundation staff discovered the personal logs of Captain Karl Fischer, Executive Officer Phillip Lenz, Senior Radio Petty Officer and boat's Doctor Christof Fenstermacher, and Obskuracorps researcher Arnold Hahn during their initial sweep of the object. These logs have been arranged in chronological order, along with recovered Obskuracorps communications, to construct a timeline concerning the events that transpired aboard SCP-8708 prior to containment.

**Recovered Entries:**

> = *The following entries have been translated into English for ease of access*

= *****Entries for 5/7/1941*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 5/7/1941

**Situation:** U-112 pulled into port today, bringing my third war patrol to an end. Battery trouble forced our early return home; there's always something with these new boats. Four boats were sunk this past month, *four*. We haven't had losses like that since March, and some people still call this the "happy times".

**War Diary - Phillip Lenz**

**Time:** War Patrol 3, Day 17

> This has been a disappointing deployment. We were barely out three weeks before our damned batteries forced us to limp back to France, with nothing but one kill to show for it.

> 

> Karl and I spent the whole trip back in the engine compartment with Klaus, troubleshooting the battery issue. I had to force Karl back to his rack at one point; he was hardly eating or sleeping, and I thought he was going to pass out a few times. Of course, he won't admit that was a problem; that's his way, I suppose. I can't help but think back to the night before our second patrol. We had been out for a long night of drinking when his facade fell. For the first time, he opened up to me.

> 

> He spent most of the twenties floating around the country, working odd jobs to make ends meet. He practically jumped at the opportunity to re-enlist back in '35. The service is all he has left at this point, so he says, but I know it's killing him inside. Having to go through all this again, it's too much for him, but he buries it under his need for a purpose.

> 

> He took me under his wing, helped me get acclimated to this life, we have to look out for each other. I don't care what he says; I'm making sure he rests while we're back.

**From:** Dr. Arnold Hahn

**To:** Ostuf. Karl Hoffmann

**Subject:** Field Testing

Obersturmführer Hoffmann,

I am once again requesting permission to conduct field testing for Project Hermod. We've confirmed the existence of the "Otherworld" corridors through lab testing with the recovered runic scripts; it is no longer a hypothetical. The new specimen is far more stable than the original; searching for additional samples is pointless at this stage. Raeder will never accept the Hermod device without a proper field test, and if he doesn't accept it, then our sacrifices will have been for nothing.

I understand conducting a field test using my original test vessel is not feasible given recent events. That is why I am willing to downgrade my request from a cruiser to a U-boat. I eagerly await your response.

HH

= *****Entries for 6/7/1941*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 6/7/1941

**Situation:** I was summoned to B.d.U headquarters this morning. I met with a Lieutenant Kurt and a naval liaison. The little skull on his cap gave this Kurt fellow away as an SS man. He told me that my boat has been selected to serve in a joint Kriegsmarine-Ahnenerbe project.

I thought the Ahnenerbe was involved in archeology and propaganda work. What are they doing working with the Kriegsmarine?

**War Diary - Phillip Lenz**

**Time:** Shore Leave

> I'm hitting the town with some of the machinists tonight, got to celebrate our first night back on land! Karl can't join us unfortunately; command went and called him up for something. It's a shame, he can drink us all under the table. I'll have to catch up with him when he gets back.

> 

> Klaus was telling me about his favorite spots in Nantes, apparently he was laid up there after our last patrol. I've never been, so I asked if he'd show me around while we're back. Now I have something to look forward to during this shore leave.

> 

> I hope we get back out to sea soon, though. Tommy ships are getting sunk left and right, and I don't want to miss out on it.

**From:** Ostuf. Karl Hoffmann

**To:** Dr. Arnold Hahn

**Subject:** Request Granted

Arnold,

Despite my reservations about the state of the project, you've been cleared to carry out your test. I will continue to search for new samples despite your protest. You and I both know Alex was only meant to be a stopgap, not a permanent solution. The Hermod device will be transported from the safehouse to Lorient. We'll talk more once you arrive.

This is a delicate situation, Arnold. After the Bismarck fiasco, relations with the Navy are on thin ice. For your sake, I hope you're successful. You know the price of failure.

HH

= *****Entries for 7/7/1941*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 7/7/1941

**Situation:** The boat's pen is crawling with people today. On top of the repairs to the batteries, U-112 is being swarmed by a cabal of technicians and engineers. They've been spending a lot of time in and around the conning tower, taking measurements. It seems we're going to be used as a testbed for something, which should not be our responsibility. Why aren't they leaving this to a training boat?

Worse yet, they tell me the turnaround is going to be quick. We'll be putting back out to sea in a few days.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Pre-Install

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Purge nitrogen atmosphere from storage container

* Break seals & disassemble storage container

* Lift Device from railcar

* Stage device in U-boat pen & prep conning tower for install

**Notes:**

It's better than I had hoped. I've been given one of the larger U-boats for this test; this means no major modifications will have to be made to get the Hermod device aboard. I've chosen the conning tower as the installation point; it's spacious enough to fit the machine and will provide a secluded area to run the test.

Some of the boat's crew were gawking at me and my men as we prepared for the install. They have no idea what they will be taking part in. I almost pity their ignorance.

= *****Entries for 9/7/1941*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 9/7/1941

**Situation:** I met with Lieutenant Kurt and the liaison again today. He introduced me to a man named Arnold, one of the technicians working on my boat. Arnold explained that he would be accompanying me and the crew to perform a test on a new machine his organization, the "Obskuracorps", has created. He said it's going to "turn the tide of the war". I had to stop myself from rolling my eyes.

All of this: the meetings, the crisp uniforms, the salutes, the lofty talk, it's all just a game. One of many I've gotten to play recently. This war is not going to be won with new wonder weapons; it's going to be won the way wars have always been won, with dying men.

**War Diary - Phillip Lenz**

**Time:** Shore Leave

> Took that day trip to Nantes with Klaus today, the city was beautiful, almost makes you forget we're in the middle of a war. Klaus is an interesting man; the son of a shoemaker turned chief machinist! I told him he should get his biography written after the war; I'm sure it'd be a best-seller.

> 

> Karl got called up by command again; he was not happy when he got back. He saw that Kurt fellow again, and met a new guy who told him we're going to be testing some kind of "wonder weapon", as he put it. I'm annoyed too; we're going to be sorely missed on the convoy lanes.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Install in Progress

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Finish conning tower prep work

* Stage hermod device in conning tower

* Complete welding work

* Complete electrical interface work

**Notes:**

I met with the captain of my test vessel today, posing as a mere technician. He's a fossil of a man, the perfect embodiment of the old world we are working to sweep away. He saluted when Kurt and I approached him, but I could tell from his eyes that he was not impressed by us.

I can't entirely blame him, though. We obviously did not tell him the true nature of this upcoming test, only that it would change the course of the war. Still, though, he should be honored to even get the opportunity to work with us.

= *****Entries for 10/7/1941*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 10/7/1941

**Situation:** They were right about the quick turnaround, the work is done, and U-112 is getting ready to depart for a fourth patrol. The crew and I were given access to the boat this morning, provisions are being loaded, and we are on track to depart by this evening. Phillip is itching to get back out to sea and is leading the crew in making final preparations for our departure. He's drunk on pride and seeking glory. Reminds me a lot of my younger self.

The conning tower is a mess. These Obskuracorps people put a big box covered in buttons, gauges, and strange symbols in my tower. It's been welded onto the wall, and a tangle of wires connects it to the batteries. The crew seems unsettled by it; I can't say that I blame them, though it hasn't impeded their work.

Arnold arrived around noon to conduct a final check on the device and to give me my orders for this patrol. They're triple sealed, and I'm not to open them until I've left port. The game begins.

**War Diary - Phillip Lenz**

**Time:** Final Day of Shore Leave

> This has to have been the shortest shore leave ever. Not even a week in port and we're already setting out again. All the men are accounted for, so I won't have to go hunting down hungover privates like last time.

> 

> The new gadget in the conning tower is certainly something. I've never seen a machine look so plain yet so alien at the same time. Most of the guys are anxious about it, so I'm trying to take their minds off it with a contest. The guys are split into teams; whichever team gets their allotment of provisions loaded first gets some Swiss chocolate I picked up the other day. It seems to be working so far. At this rate, we'll be out of port by this afternoon.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Pre-Test

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Verify SAT electrical connections

* Enter test configuration & conduct dry run test

* Begin transit towards patrol grid AM 43

**Notes:**

Kurt saw me off this morning and gave me his best wishes on the upcoming test. I know deep down he's still doubting me. It's hard to admit when you're wrong, and he was so very wrong about this project. He'll have to get over it when I return with successful results.

The test vessel is in good order, and its crew is making final preparations for our departure. I gave Captain Fischer his orders for the duration of this test; he's still as dull as he was during our last meeting. I'll be going over final prep work to ensure a smooth testing of the Hermod device. This project will finally gain the recognition it deserves.

= *****Entries for 11/7/1941*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 11/7/1941

**Situation:** Our departure from port went well. We transited the Bay of Biscay without incident, and I'm now prepared to carry out my orders, which I'm struggling to make sense of. I am to state my position and the time before and after the activation of this machine. I've also been placed under Arnold's command for this excursion, just my luck.

Arnold's getting ready to activate the machine. He's not allowing anyone into the conning tower, and he's ordered all hatches and vents sealed.

The sooner we get this done, the better.

**Diary - Christof Fenstermacher**

I've never kept a diary before, but with all the strange things that have been happening recently, I feel the need to document this next patrol. Some men went and welded a strange-looking box into the conning tower a few days ago, and now the Captain has been subordinated to some stranger. We haven't been told why any of this is happening.

Hopefully I'm just being paranoid, but I can't shake this uneasy feeling deep in my gut.

= *****Entries for 12/7/1941*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 12/7/1941

**Situation:** Where do I even begin? The machine hummed when Arnold activated it, and things seemed to be going well before a sharp whine came from the conning tower, and the boat was plunged into darkness. U-112 made noises I didn't think were possible for a while before it all stopped, and the lights came back on.

We lost a few battery cells; the last count put us down four, but other than that, the boat seems fine. Arnold told me that his machine had experienced a power surge and was inoperable. Climbing up the conning tower, I could see the damage for myself. The machine was scorched, the glass on its gauges shattered. He's lucky it didn't destroy the whole tower.

On the bridge, everything seemed fine until I tried taking our position. I must have stood with my navigator, Albert, for two or three hours poring over every star chart on board. I've sailed in the Atlantic, Pacific, and everywhere in between. Never have I seen a night sky look like that before. As I headed back below, all I could think about was the smoldering runes on Arnold's machine. What have I gotten into here?

**Diary - Christof Fenstermacher**

I had convinced myself that we would be tracking convoys, testing radar, or collecting weather data. Why else would the brass take a cruiser boat out of the struggle with the British? When we started sealing up the boat, I didn’t question it, even though I thought it was odd. It was only after the noises started that I *knew* something strange was going on.

That thing —the machine —squealed. I've heard the sound more times than I can count back on my family’s farm; it sounded like a dying pig. Some of the guys were talking about it when the lights cut out. We all stood in silence, listening to the horrible noises coming from the conning tower. When the lights flickered back, I saw a couple of the guys with their hands clasped in prayer.

We’re checking the boat for damage now. Thankfully, nothing serious has come up. Albert and the captain went up on the bridge an hour ago. There's no word on what they’re doing up there. Oskar is telling us everything went fine, and that we have nothing to worry about. But that uneasy feeling is still sitting in my gut, and I have to wonder if he even believes the words coming out of his mouth.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Test Stalled

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Check electrical interface for damage

* Verify sample integrity

* Begin repairs

**Notes:**

The test has entered an unexpected phase. My calculations were immaculate, and the dry run went flawlessly. All was going according to plan until we entered the corridor. That damned power surge, it shouldn't have happened. Instead of passing through to the other side, we ended up stuck in it. Fischer has been bumbling on about strange stars in the sky. Hopefully, I can get the Hermod device fixed before he starts asking too many questions.

= *****Entries for 13/7/1941*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 13/7/1941

**Situation:** The seas are flat, uncharacteristically so. Sits like glass; there's no wind to churn it up. The sky is clear, too. No clouds in sight.

Arnold has been working around the clock to try and repair his machine. I can't really say what he's doing; he's been avoiding me since the test. We've been trying to transmit our situation to B.d.U, but we've heard nothing back from them. We haven't heard anything across the wireless now that I think of it.

Since I can't get a read on our position, I've ordered a reversal of our course based on our last heading. We should hit the French coast in a day or two, assuming we didn't get thrown off course during the test. Another issue we're having is timekeeping. The day's been dragging on longer than it should, and Phillip reports that the ship's clock has stopped working, reducing us to a limited number of pocket watches.

**War Diary - Phillip Lenz**

**Time:** War Patrol 5, Day 3

> The patrol has been off to an interesting start. That test run by Arnold did not seem to go as he expected; he's been sulking up in the conning tower trying to fix his machine for the last couple of days.

> 

> What's worse, the ship's clock stopped working. I sat with our quartermaster, Oskar, and tried to fix it. Turns out he was a clockmaker's apprentice before the war, who would've thought. We didn't get very far on the clock, but we did swap some good stories while we worked, had the whole control room in stitches! Even got Karl to crack a smile.

> 

> I hope we wrap up this testing soon; we'll be falling behind everyone else tonnage-wise if we sit around here too much longer.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Stranded

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Repair Hermod Device

**Notes:**

I had a strange dream last night. I was back in the lab with Alex, before the accident, working on preliminary calculations for the Hermod device. I remember working on those numbers with him clearly; we hardly spoke that day unless we were comparing results. In this dream, however, he wouldn't stop talking. It sounds bizarre, but he was talking about this test, as if he knew what had happened.

= *****Entries for 14/7/1941*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 14/7/1941

**Situation:** I cornered Arnold in the mess this morning to ask what's been going on these last couple days. He was hesitant to talk about it, but I made sure he couldn't squirm away.

He said we were stuck in an "otherworld", a kind of extra-dimensional corridor. Something spirits and "fae creatures" use to travel between worlds in old myths and fairytales. This device of his is intended to use this space as a shortcut for ship deployments, but the power surge broke it before we made it all the way through. 

Figures. The one time I get called out of combat, and it's to babysit a lunatic.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Stranded

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Repair Hermod Device

* Re-verify sample integrity

**Notes:**

I am trying to fix the Hermod device and get us back to realspace, but these U-boat men won't leave me alone. The captain cut me off as I was grabbing breakfast this morning and pelted me with questions about the test and the device. I figured he deserved an explanation at this point, so I tried to explain what had happened. None of it seemed to register, no matter how much I dumbed it down for him.

Frankly, we're lucky things went the way they did. I never tested prolonged exposure to the corridors. The closest I got was with Alex, but since we're not all a scrambled pile of meat and bones, I can't really say what the effects might be.

If the Captain wants us to get back to France, he needs to let me work in *peace*.

= *****Entries for 16/7/1941*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 16/7/1941

**Situation:** I've decided that, if we're going to be treated like a training boat, we'll act like a training boat. The men are being kept busy with a constant stream of menial tasks and drills: diving, gunnery, torpedo prep. By the time we're done with this little excursion, we'll be the best crew in the whole fleet.

I'm letting Phillip take the reins on most of these drills; it'll give him good experience managing the crew.  Also, for the sake of our collective sanity, I've chosen not to reveal what Arnold told me to anyone. If any of what he told me is true, we are in wholly uncharted waters. None of the men need that looming over their heads.

**Diary - Christof Fenstermacher**

This stupid radio is going to be the death of me. When we left port, it was working fine; now it might as well not be here at all. Our receiver works; I've checked it three times now, and all the rest of the equipment looks fine. I would've expected civilian traffic at least, but no, not one damn message has come through. I'll keep working on it, but something tells me the radio isn't the issue.

At least my other duties don't require technology. So far, nothing beyond the odd headache or upset stomach has come my way, though that may change with all the drilling going on. Our cook almost slammed his head into a bulkhead during the last diving drill, which would've given him a concussion for sure. 

I'll need to conduct a boat-wide physical soon, assuming I can find the time for it.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Stranded

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Repair Hermod Device

* ~~Re-verify sample integrity~~ Commune with Alex

**Notes:**

When we discovered the existence of the Otherworld corridors, it was believed that the myths surrounding them were made to explain their existence, and nothing more. Now it seems that's not true. Alex has been coming to me in my dreams constantly, though he had mostly been appearing in old memories. Last night was different.

We were back in the lab again, but nothing was happening. He told me that this was no memory, but rather his spirit communicating with me. Apparently, when he died during our lab testing, his soul was trapped in the corridors. He said they were all true, those myths we had dismissed out of hand, and that dangerous creatures inhabited the corridors. We talked for a long while; it all felt so real.

He's forgiven me for what happened and is going to help me fix the Hermod device.

= *****Entries for 21/7/1941?*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 21/7/1941?

**Situation:** Our situation is growing desperate; we have enough food to last us at least another month, maybe two if we strictly ration. My men aren't dumb; they know something is going on. I see them huddled in groups, whispering to each other. I hope we get out of this soon.

**Diary - Christof Fenstermacher**

With the radio being a complete bust and only so much I can do in my capacity as a doctor, you'd think I'd have a lot of free time on my hands. Instead, I've been getting to know my shipmates. Mainly, I've been helping out in the engine compartment. I don't know how Klaus and the others work back there; I could hardly hear them over the roar of the engines.

That Arnold guy is all anyone talks about, out of earshot of the control room, of course. He spends all his time in the conning tower, and I swear I've heard him muttering to himself. The theories about what we're testing here are wild. They range from alien technology to ancient artifacts. Some even think there is no new technology, and that this is all a psychological experiment with us as the guinea pigs.

There is one thing everyone agrees on, though: whatever Arnold is testing out here, it's not good.

**War Diary - Phillip Lenz**

**Time:** War Patrol 5, Day 11

> It's hard keeping the guys working steady. Discipline is really Oskar's responsibility, but I'm helping out where I can. Give a stern look here, crack a joke there, it's a give-and-take, but it's not perfect. We're not out here to sink Tommy ships; the guys all know it. I've tried to convince Karl to tell them what's really going on, but he won't budge, says it'll only make things worse. He ought to give the guys more credit, I think they'd handle it just fine, might even improve things around here.

= *****Entries for 25/7/1941?*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 25/7/1941?

**Situation:** Situation is unchanged. A brawl broke out between Arnold and a couple of the engineers today. He's been making unreasonable demands for parts to fix his machine, and tried to steal from the engine compartment. Phillip suggested we confine him to the control room, since he's proving to be a problem. It was a good call; he's learning quick.

The only thing we have an abundance of is fuel, though Klaus is telling me we should avoid using the electric motors as much as possible. He's not confident they'll hold up under extended use, so I've canceled further diving drills.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Stranded

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* ~~Plead case to Captain Fischer~~

* Prepare offering

* Commune with Alex

**Notes:**

No one here is thinking rationally. I tried to get some parts from the engineering compartment, and was attacked for it. The machinists there claimed the parts I wanted were "essential spares" for the electric motors. These unused motors should not be given priority over the Hermod device.

Perhaps I was being a bit rash trying to take the parts behind their backs, but they gave me no choice. The head machinist, a man named Klaus, punched me in the mouth for it! The Captain intervened, but before I could make my case, his second in command pulled him aside. Phillip, I think his name is, has the captain's ear; he got me restricted to the control room.

I was worried about my ability to work on the device, but my fears may be misplaced. Alex thinks there is something he can do to help get us out of the corridor.

= *****Entries for 26/7/1941?*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 26/7/1941

**Situation:** Arnold went into a frenzy trying to fix his machine, swearing he'd "set heaven and hell in motion." The damn fool started an electrical fire with all his rushing. Most of the food we were storing in the control room was burned, reducing our already dwindling stockpiles. All that's left is moldy and tastes of diesel.

The men nearly ripped him to pieces, and deep down, I wanted to let them. Rationing has gotten worse; the men eye each other suspiciously when portions are being handed out. A couple of fights have broken out between our cook and the men over portion sizes. I had to brandish my pistol to stop the most recent one.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Stranded

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Commune with Alex

**Notes:**

Offerings are the currency of the otherworld, according to Alex. It sounds silly, but the pagan rituals we read about while researching this place have tangible effects on how the inhabitants of the otherworld operate. Alex believes that if I perform these same rituals, he might be able to harness the power of that "faith" to open a gateway out of the corridor.

I wouldn't entertain such an idea under normal circumstances, but since I'm unable to access the tools I need to repair the Hermod device, I am left with no choice. We are starting small; an "accidental" fire burned some of the food stores in the control room, which Alex said would be an adequate offering. The crew, who have been degenerating into scared animals at this point, were furious. It does not matter; I will save this project at any cost.

= *****Entries for 31/7/1941?*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 31/7/1941?

**Situation:** The watch crews have been reporting shadows on the horizon, and I mean *literal* shadows, undefined blobs. Some say they feel "drawn" to them when they stare for too long. Every time I've gone up to look, I don't see anything. I've increased the watch rotations; it's likely hunger, mixed with the regular stresses of a deployment, is starting to get to them. They hardly talk to anyone besides their watchmates anymore. The rest of the men haven't seen the things they're seeing, and I think they resent us for it.

Since I can't be everywhere at once, Phillip has volunteered to take extra shifts with the watch crews to keep an eye on them and make sense of what they're seeing. I'm buying him a nice bottle of schnapps when this is all over.

**War Diary - Phillip Lenz**

**Time:** War Patrol 5, Day 21

> I've always liked being up on the bridge, and I'll get to do it a lot more now that I'm covering several of the watch rotations. The lookouts assure me that, if I spend enough time on the bridge, I'll see one of the shadows they keep talking about. It's usually pairs of guys who see them at any one time, which I guess lends credence to them being real; it'd be hard for two guys to lie about something at the same time on the spot.

> 

> Personally, though, I think this is just hyped up nerves talking. But what do I know? Maybe I'll get to see one of these "shadows" and join the conspiracy club.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Moving Towards Salvation

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Commune with Alex

* Prepare next offering

**Notes:**

It seems the offering of food was not enough. Alex says he has been trying to open a gateway with the energy from that offering, but he will need more than he initially anticipated. At first, I thought he wanted me to burn more of the food stores, but he quickly corrected me.

He wants one of the crew. Apparently, human sacrifices are more potent than inanimate offerings. I know just who he can take.

= *****Entries for 1/8/1941?*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:** 1/8/1941?

**Situation:** I woke up this morning with the worst headache I've ever had; it felt like my forehead was going to explode. The dank air of the boat did not help, so I decided to go up on the bridge for some fresh air. 

I got up just in time to see Phillip's optical nerves snap as he tore his eyes out of his head. The bridge crew and I stood motionless for a moment, completely dumbfounded. I shouted down the ladder for Christof, and that got the men moving. Phillip, good God, he was still tearing. Blood and mashed eyeball smeared on his face as he clawed out ribbons of flesh from his eye sockets. It took all of us to hold him down, and that's when the screaming started. He saw something this morning. We don't know what it was; he had tried to point it out, but no one else saw it.

It was all so surreal. I've had friends die before; hell, all my old friends got ground into mulch on the fields of France. But those deaths were distant; I always heard about them after the fact. I was never with them as they died, never tried to comfort them in their last moments. Christof gave him morphine for the pain, and then he was gone.

We buried him a few hours later. Got most of the crew on the deck for it and gave him all the honors we could. He deserved that much. I nearly lost it up there, but thankfully, no one seemed to notice. I can't falter now; I have to stay strong for the men. 

**Diary - Christof Fenstermacher**

I was finally getting around to that boat-wide physical when the captain called me. I didn't waste time getting to the bridge because, well, I'd never heard him scared before.

When it was all over, no one wanted to carry him below, so we decided to give him to the sea. I helped the Captain wrap Phillip in a bed sheet before corraling the crew on deck to see him off. The Captain was struggling during the burial, fighting hard to hold back tears. We pretended not to notice.

= *****Entries for First Unknown Date*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:**

**Situation:** I haven't had much time to sit and write. I don't even know what day it should be. The mood on the boat has been bleak since Phillip's death; all the life has been sucked out of us. I've decided to lift Arnold's restrictions, despite Klaus's protests. If even just a fraction of what he told me is true, we have to get out of here as soon as possible, and he's unfortunately our best hope for that.

The "shadow" sightings have increased as well, and they're getting closer to the boat. I've ordered the guns manned at all times, though this has done little to alleviate my lookout's anxiety. I still haven't seen one of these damned things, but it's impossible to deny their existence anymore.

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Desolation Behind Me

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Commune with Alex

**Notes:**

We're close, so very close. With Phillip out of the way, I regained my freedom to move about the boat. The captain is still proving to be somewhat stubborn towards me, despite lifting his restrictions. Alex says he will speak with him and try to convince him to aid our cause. I'm not sure how he'll do it, but he says he knows how to make Karl follow us.

In other news, I've concluded that I can not get the machine working with the parts at my disposal here. It matters not, Alex assures me that he has one last plan.

Despite the sacrifice not giving him the strength to open a portal, it did grant him a better insight into the corridors. He says that the Hermod device is simply incomplete, and that all I need to do is add another set of runes to the outer casing. He will reveal them to me in the coming days, and I will finally get us out of here. These men who tried to kill me before will be groveling at my feet soon enough!

= *****Entries for Second Unknown Date*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:**

**Situation:** I saw Phillip today. I was up on the bridge with the watch crew when it happened. A large shadow came over the boat, and when I turned to look for its source, I noticed that the lookouts were gone, and Phillip was standing behind me. His body was bloated and pale, covered in a thin film of sea slime. I should have been horrified, but I couldn't muster the feeling.

Not knowing what else to do, I asked what was happening, and to my surprise, Phillip answered. He said that Arnold had been right about this place, and that he had come back from the dead to "help me". He raised a stiff arm towards me, but his hand hung limp; he couldn't seem to move it beyond twitching his fingers. I guess he was trying to offer me a handshake, but I refused. Despite my lack of fear, I was not about to shake the hand of a corpse.

Even without his eyes, I could tell he was angry at me. Before I could say another word, the shadow passed, he was gone, and I found myself surrounded by the watch crew again. They said I had been hallucinating, thinking I was going to go the way of Phillip, and kindly but firmly suggested I get below deck and out of the sun.

I know what I saw, and it was not a hallucination. It's bad luck to have a corpse on board, even worse if the corpse comes back.

= *****Entries for Third Unknown Date*****

**Test Log - Arnold Hahn**

**Project Status:** Salvation Before Me

**Planned Work for the Next 24 Hours:**

* Escape

**Notes:**

The captain couldn't be convinced. A pity, but it matters not. Alex has given me the final runes; the power he has gained from my offerings allowed him to materialize outside of my dreams, and he guided me as I wrote them. Since I lack any good engraving tools, I've used my blood to mark the casing of the Hermod device. Unfortunately, as I was adding the runes to the machine, one of the crewmen came up the conning tower ladder.

He saw Alex and yelled. I had to act quickly, so I kicked him in the face and sent him tumbling down below. Alex and I sealed up the inner conning tower and got back to work. The crew has been pounding and shouting from above and below, but it's a futile endeavor on their part. Alex has left now; he will ensure we make it through the gateway. He has my everlasting gratitude.

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:**

**Situation:** That bastard was working against us this whole time. 

Christof was headed up to the bridge for the night watch when he saw it. He says Arnold was talking to a shadow and making strange markings on his machine with his own blood. When he called it out, Arnold kicked Christof down the ladder and sealed himself inside the tower.

We tried to stop him, but we weren't fast enough. When the humming started, I knew he had started up his machine again, and then he started screaming. For a few agonizing minutes, we listened to his pained cries, then he went silent. It took us an extra half-hour to get the inner hatch open. The compartment was filled with smoke, but Arnold was still alive. His mouth was moving, but no words came out, and his whole upper body was burned red and black. 

When we got the outer hatch open, we found something worse. The bridge crew was gone. They weren't anywhere on deck or in the water. We don't know what happened to them.

Arnold is tied up in the control room. If the men hated him before, they must be seeing red every time they pass him now. Klaus was the first to speak up; he demanded that I kill Arnold as soon as it was clear he was alive, but I refused. He doesn't deserve such an easy out. Oskar and I are taking turns watching him; he's the only one I trust to hold my pistol when I'm not in the control room. 

= *****Entries for Fourth Unknown Date*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:**

**Situation:** It's been a day since the incident with Arnold, and the strangest thing is happening.

There's wind. For the first time since this whole ordeal started, I feel a breeze on my face standing on the bridge. Waves are lapping at the sides of the boat, and the men crowd around the conning tower ladder to hear it whistle. I've also started seeing clouds gather on the horizon. What's better, none of the lookouts reported seeing shadows during the night. They needed that; they've been taking the loss of the original nightwatch very poorly.

I thought maybe Arnold's insanity had actually paid off.

That was until I had to help fish out a watchman who had jumped overboard this morning. He was a boy, couldn't have been older than nineteen or twenty, he said he saw his mother in the water and "had to go to her." I've taken him off the watch rotation. It seems our ordeal is not over yet.

= *****Entries for Fifth Unknown Date*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:**

**Situation:** The light wind turned to a strong breeze, and then a gust, and then a maelstrom. We were hit by a storm in the night and forced to dive deep. We're sitting at 80 meters and can still feel the undercurrent of waves in the boat. The air is damp, sweat glistens off our bony bodies. We'll be able to stay submerged for a couple of days before we are forced to surface, assuming the electric motors don't give out. If the storm is not gone by then, God help us, we'll have to face it.

Arnold is gone, or at least his mind is. He speaks with labored, rattling, wet words. All he ever talks about is an old friend, a lab assistant, coming to save him. Coming to save us all. When the storm hit, he wouldn't stop laughing, hacking up half a lung in the process. There is something evil inside that man, and it is becoming harder to justify keeping him alive.

**Personal Account - Christof Fenstermacher**

This will likely be my last entry. Things have gotten a lot worse on the boat; we're sitting deep now. The creaking of the hull and constant swaying are making it hard to concentrate.

I was in the engine compartment with Klaus when a loud groan and shudder rocked the boat. I thought it was just pressure, but a commotion from the rear torpedo compartment proved me wrong. Klaus and I headed back there to find all the guys crowded around the rear torpedo tubes.

Despite the exterior hatch controls still being in the closed position, the indicators showed both tubes as full. The torpedomen tried to cycle the system and expel the water, but the indicators didn't budge. One man suggested we open the tubes to see if the indicators were just faulty, but Klaus shut that down quickly. If they are full of water, he doesn't want to risk flooding the boat. He said we'd check them when we surface.

As we turned to leave, I swear I heard a tapping sound from one of the tube hatches. There are torpedoes in those tubes, but they wouldn't make a noise like that. It was rhythmic.

Tap, tap, tap. Some of the torpedomen heard it too, but there is nothing we can do about it. As Klaus and I made our way back to the engine compartment, I saw that bastard Arnold staring at us through the access hatch leading to the control room. He was grinning ear to ear. 

= *****Entries for Sixth Unknown Date*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:**

**Situation:** I was sitting in my bunk trying to get some sleep when Klaus roused me. Something was wrong in the rear torpedo compartment. As we made our way towards the back of the boat, I became aware of a loud banging sound. Klaus said it was coming from inside the torpedo tubes. We made it halfway through the engine compartment when there was a burst. The hatches on the rear torpedo tubes flew open, and water poured into the rear torpedo compartment.

Klaus and I broke into a sprint; the torpedo compartment was filling fast, and we had to seal it off. One man made it through the hatch before we closed it. Before I had time to process what had just happened, the machinists were crying out. There was a shadow on the torpedoman's leg, not a normal one, one of the ones the men had been seeing up on the bridge. For the first time I saw it, it looked like a bad bruise, pulsating and writhing on him. When the torpedoman saw it, he tried to claw it off. Poor bastard was already dead.

The *thing* moved up his leg, over his shirt, and onto his face. It entered through his eyes, ears, nose, and mouth. He went limp and dropped to the ground after that. Before we could process what had just happened, a loud bang from the control room drew our attention. That's when he jerked up, moving stiffly. He was dead; his wide-pupiled death stare gave it away. He lunged at Klaus and took him down; the shadow jumped onto Klaus' face, taking him in an instant.

I ran for the hatch leading into the control room. The shadow, now in Klaus' body, came lunging after me. I was the only one to make it through; the other machinists weren't fast enough. It took them quickly, and the engine compartment went quiet. There was some banging on the hatch, but it didn't budge; it seems these things can't open doors. 

When I pulled myself away from the access hatch, I saw three lookouts from the morning watch, along with Oskar, standing around Arnold. He was dead. The lookouts had gagged him with a grease rag and beaten him bloody before Oskar shot him with my pistol. They think Arnold's death will deliver us from this nightmare. That these creatures will leave us alone now that *he* is dead.

= *****Entries for Seventh Unknown Date*****

**Personal Log - Karl Fischer**

**Date:**

**Situation:** There comes a point in this life when you come to terms with your own death. You know there's a good chance it'll happen, get blown up by a bomb, or crushed by the sea. I made my peace with it long ago, but it wasn't supposed to be like this.

Oxygen is low. We've broken out the rebreathers, but they're not doing much. The men are either in bunks or lying on the floor to conserve energy. The banging from the engine compartment stopped a while ago, but those things aren't gone. I can see several wispy shadows wriggling around the edges of the hatch; they're forcing their way through the seal. Killing that bastard didn't do a damn thing.

Phillip, my friend, I'll see you soon.

=====

> **Filename:** https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/8/86/U-110_and_HMS_Bulldog.jpg

> **Name:** U-110 and HMS Bulldog.jpg

> **Author:** Royal Navy official photographer

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:U-110_and_HMS_Bulldog.jpg

> **Derivative of:**

> **Additional Notes:**

=====

<< [SCP-8707](SCP-8707) | SCP-8708 | [SCP-8709](SCP-8709) >>
