More by [radian628](radian628)

**Item #:** SCP-8547

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** A network of 48 satellites containing high-resolution, high-bandwidth analog imaging equipment is to stream video to the Site-01-XK bunker at all times. At any given point in time, every point on Earth's hemisphere is to be visible from at least 16 of these satellites. In the event that a satellite fails, a replacement is to be relaunched as soon as possible.

In addition, all security feeds in all Foundation facilities, and, to the maximum extent permissible, all security feeds from critically important sites of civilian infrastructure, are to be routed to the Site-01-XK bunker. Feeds of critically important facilities (Site-01, Site-17, Site-19, etc.) are to be active at all times; feeds of all remaining facilities are to be cycled in 24-hour intervals.

SCP-8547 itself is to be restrained in its containment chamber within Site-01-XK. It is to be fed an intravenous solution containing all the nutrients required for its survival, along with muscle relaxants, sedatives, depressants, and a proprietary blend of Foundation drugs capable of maintaining wakefulness permanently without causing brain damage. Until a surgery to remove them can be performed, SCP-8547's eyelids are to be held open via speculums; saline solution is to be administered periodically to prevent its eyes from drying out.

SCP-8547 is to view the video feeds described above. Line of sight between SCP-8547 and its video feeds is not to be interrupted under any circumstances.

**Description:** SCP-8547 is a human infant possessing ontokinetic abilities with no known limit. Prior to Foundation intervention, it was capable of producing CK-class reality restructuring events in accordance with how it viewed the world. While it can no longer create new CK-class events due to the drugs administered to it by the Foundation, any CK-class event it created prior to containment still appears to persist indefinitely, and, in accordance with prior cases of ontokinetic humanoids, will likely continue to persist even if SCP-8547 ceases life function.

SCP-8547 has generated a variety of CK-class events, the vast majority of which have had little lasting effect. However, there exist at least two such events that have had outsize impacts on baseline reality:

1. Due to the static conception of its own existence, SCP-8547 does not age physically or mentally.

2. Because SCP-8547 lacks object permanence, anything it does not perceive does not exist.

<< [SCP-8546](SCP-8546) | SCP-8547 | [SCP-8548](SCP-8548) >>

> **Filename:** earth.png

> **Author:** radian628

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/scp-8547/earth.png
