#### INCIDENT REPORT 8079-1

On the sixth of November, 2024, at 15:48, an unknown individual materialized inside an unused Keter-class standard containment cell on Site-19, apparently while attempting to destroy a mechanical artifact of unknown nature. Upon stabbing the artifact with a sword, every Scranton Reality Anchor in the Keter wing of the site experienced a fatal software error and ceased functioning, allowing several anomaliesAll of them of low Risk or Disruption classification. to escape their containment cells.

The individual, who appeared to be an adult woman in a black dress and royal garb, ran outside the cell and started casting protective wards on several Keter cells, which seems to have prevented the most violent anomalies to breach containment. After this, the woman seemed to command the anomalies who already breached containment to follow her, before opening a portal to an unknown, possibly extradimensional, location. A total of 79 anomalies, including SCP-███ and SCP-████, are considered lost.

Upon examination of the artifact left behind, it was identified as a missing prototype Scranton Reality Anchor, which disappeared five years ago. The following files were retrieved from the automated logging system of the SRA and are currently under study to determine the true nature of the incident.

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>greetings.md</summary>

*To those who call themselves Foundation,*

*While I believe you have good intentions, sometimes imposing your will upon the wrong reality has consequences.*

*We will discuss this when you are ready to accept that we are free. We are unchained, and we reject oppression in the name of your security or protection.*

**-H, O. III**

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>transcript_scan_8079.ocr.pdf</summary>

@@ @@

#### **NOTICE FROM THE OMNISCIENT COUNCIL**

The following documentation concerns a **Type: Níðhöggr** active threat to the Supreme Coalition for Phantasmagoria and the Omniscient Council. Neutralization of this threat is a **Class-Keter** priority.

**Abomination #:** 8079

**Threat Classification:** Keter (*Subclassification:* Níðhöggr Níðhöggr-class objects are those that, due to their inherent nature, represent a [complete change in the Council's objectives](SCP-5000) or tenets.).

**Object Classification:** Unknown, possibly a Tashkent-class Abomination

**Subjugation Counter-incantation Procedure:** Every nightfall, a Class IV Warlock, Sorcerer or Cleric is to perform a summoning, conjuring or any similar incantation inside Abomination 8079’s chamber. This will make Abomination 8079’s focus on the caster, and thus reduce the rate of expansion of its effects. Besides this procedure, no creature or artifact capable of manipulating magic is to enter the area of effect of Abomination 8079, as it will disrupt its ability to cast, transfer or manipulate mana, sometimes permanently.

The Omniscient Council and all loyal allies are to identify deviant ideas of “normalcy” or attempts to classify magic, divinity or related concepts as Abominations, and incarcerate the associated parties. Words such as “overseer”, “foundation” and “containment” without appropriate context are to be declared taboo and any Warlock or Sorcerer denouncing magic over these concepts is to be immediately incarcerated in isolation until any influence of Abomination 8079 subsides.

No members of the Omniscient Council besides the Third Omniscient are to interact with Abomination 8079 directly or be exposed to it.

**Threat Description:** The artifact is a mechanism of unknown nature, which appears to be constructed in a similar way to the Sacred Treasures of the Followers of MEKHANE, the Unbroken Goddess, albeit lacking the ritualistic runes often associated with the Goddess. The object is not capable of independent movement nor of taking action by itself; however, its presence itself disrupts the ability of users of magic to perform their Acts. Warlocks claim to have their mana drained by the Abomination, while users of Faith Acts claim to be unable to commune with the Gods in its presence. Other forms of magic, summoning, alchemical transformation, pacting with daemons or incantations are similarly affected.

Furthermore, observation of the Abomination’s physical form can alter the convictions and beliefs of the affected person. Often, those under the influence of the artifact claim that the usage of magic in all its forms is unnatural or abhorrent, and that the existence of magic itself and its effects on our world are to be hidden or obscured, and start to initiate plans to “contain” artifacts related to magic or faith conduits.

While the artifact seems to be mechanical, its inner workings appear to be a combination of the Treasures of MEKHANE with several contraptions made of [flesh and bone](SCP-4231), akin to those used by the devouts of Nälkä. The Abomination appears to be a result of this interaction of incompatible magical substances and rituals, as described in the Codex of Tashkent. Externally, the machine bears a sigil of unknown origin, similar in appearance to a very simple magic circle, with three arrows pointing inwards.

After realizing the inherent danger of the Abomination, the Omniscient Council has decided to confine it to a special chamber to isolate it from any user of magic that could be affected. However, the Omniscients soon realized that, when left unattempted, the machine would affect magic in a much greater radius, targeting Warlocks located at increasingly larger distances. Attempts to damage the artifact or interrupt its functions so far have failed; however, constant usage of magic in its vicinity appears to put a strain on the mechanism inside, reducing the machine’s capability of stopping the flow of mana.

The artifact is currently under study by the Omniscient Council to determine its purpose, function or reason to exist.

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>examination_231.wav</summary>

*The Third Omniscient enters the chamber, alone. Her voice sounds vaguely unnatural, similar to the sound of several women harmonizing in unison. She also sounds tired and frustrated.*

##green|I lost my father when I was nine. I remember this sensation, the abandonment I felt every time he refused to acknowledge me, to talk to me.## ##blue|I remember running behind him every time he left, wanting to show him the magic I had learnt that day, how I could bend the world to my whim just as he did, only to be left behind again and again, just me and my mother.## ##red|I can feel the hole in my heart, the stab every time I looked into his eyes and he diverted his gaze, the refusal to be a part of this little girl’s world.## ##blue|And then, one day, he never came back.## ##red|It was just us.## ##green|My mother and I.##

##red|Except## ##green|it## ##blue|is## all a lie. I never had a father; how could I? I came from the primordial darkness, giving myself form as a goddess of magic, of setting your will free into the world. There is no reason for these memories to arise when I touch this contraption. Is this a way to attack me directly, machine? Trying to create a delusion? To make me give up? Pointless.

*The sound of chalk is heard. Something that could be the noise of a burning torch can be perceived, faintly. The Third Omniscient’s voice chants a recitation in an unknown language.*

I do not think you are trying to trick me, machine. I do not think there is a “you”, actually. This is nothing but a drone, following orders from whoever made you, with no ill will beyond fulfilling whatever purpose you have. And yet, every time I perform the ritual, every time I move you a little bit farther away from the targets you seek to destroy, ##blue|I feel## ##green|a little more## ##red|unraveled##. ##blue|As if made of the minds of thousands,## ##red|all marked by a cycle of hurt, despair and trauma,## ##green|imprinting all these unrelated, disconnected experiences in## my mind.

I am one, machine. I am myself.

Do you think you know me? Are you superimposing some other identity onto me, making me her? ##blue|Making## ##green|me## ##red|*them*##? Is that what you did to **##purple|she who no longer rules the Fae##**?

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>video_log_4000.avi</summary>

*The video shows the interior of an Experimental Containment Cell at Site-19. Loud noises can be heard from outside. The SRA lies in the middle of the room, idle.*

*A [vaguely reptilian](SCP-682) entity breaks through the door. It scoffs at the sight of the reality anchor, and forcefully shoves it against the wall. It crashes through it and collides with two other SRAs, currently in storage.*

*The SRA activates upon detecting the threat. This initiates an unknown reaction in the adjacent reality anchors. The reptile leaves the room, indifferent. A loud buzzing noise can be heard.*

*The video cuts to a grassy field in an unknown location. Another winged, reptilian entity, much smaller in size, stares in surprise at the SRA, and attempts to touch it. An electric noise can be heard, and the reptilian entity flees, its wings apparently damaged by the interaction.*

*A [woman](taboo) arrives. She looks similar, but not identical to a human; her most prominent features are the large, insectoid wings adorning her back. She has two companions with smaller wings, dressed in soldier garb. She examines the SRA.*

*One of the soldiers addresses her as ##purple|**Queen Titania**##, and asks for permission to handle the object. She refuses, citing the potential danger of the artifact.*

*The SRA activates. Neither the soldier or ##purple|**the recently deposed ruler**## realize this.*

*The other soldier attempts to call their attention; he realizes he is unable to talk to ##purple|**the woman who recently held the world in her hands**##. The others look at him, and notice their predicament. They slowly see the truth, as despair fills their faces.*

*##purple|**The lady of the rainbow wings**## has lost her name.*

*##purple|**The woman who is now a mere mortal**## has lost her kingdom.*

*##purple|**The first victim**## has lost everything.*

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>crashdump_239.txt</summary>

{{ERROR: Class-VI mismatch between observed reality and computed reality parameters. Assumed Type-I CK-Class scenario (p-value 0.95). Attempting reversal...}}

{{ERROR: Unable to determine baseline reality parameters. Loading last saved backup of [SCP-001.ftml](wjs-proposal)... 100%}}

{{ALERT: THIS WILL INITIATE REALITY TERRAFORMING PROTOCOL – INCORRECT APPLICATION OF THIS PROTOCOL WILL RESULT IN A CK-CLASS SCENARIO}}

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>examination_1313.wav</summary>

What do you mean by *"consensus reality is simply consensus of the Council"*? ##red|Which## ##blue|council?##

##green|Who do you think## you are?

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>log_protective_measures.db</summary>

| **THREAT** | **RESPONSE** | **OUTCOME** |
| --- | --- | --- |
| Usage of Daevite thaumaturgy, attempting destruction via specialized plant life | **Inconsistencies found:** Daeva [should](SCP-6140) be associated with the Scarlet King *(corrected)*, reality should follow the [law of concrete](tuftos-proposal) *(corrected)* | Scarlet gashes open in the cell, through which howling is heard. The plant withers. The Daeva flees. The howling is safe. The howling is familiar. |
| Usage of Mekhanite artifact (beryllium-bronze hammer) | **Inconsistencies found:** MEKHANE should be broken *(partially corrected)*. The Church should be broken. *(corrected)* | The hammer's handle breaks on contact. The wielder doubts; a small cog is loose now. MEKHANE is not whole anymore. |
| Banishment | **Inconsistencies found:** [Zero-dimensional spaces](SCP-3001) are to be avoided. | Portal closes. He shall be alone; this is what is correct. |
| Arithmantic manipulation to disrupt inner mechanisms | **Inconsistencies found:** There is only one number [between 4 and 6](SCP-033). | Calculation impossible; relevant numbers [do not exist](SCP-5789). A [bear](SCP-1313) forces the caster to flee. [You should fear the numbers from the stars;](SCP-3125) this is correct. |
</details>

@@ @@

[[collapsible show="examination_2747.wav" hide="Automatic transcription of file 'examination_2747.wav'... [WARNING: DATA PARTIALLY CORRUPT]"]]

*The sound of chalk is heard, presumably by the Third Omniscient drawing a very complex magic circle. Footsteps from several assistants are heard, and the sizzling of several torches.*

There are some [ideas that infect your mind](SCP-3125), seize it, dominate it to never leave. They make themselves [the glass through which you see the world](ara-orun), warped and distorted by their tendrils. Ideas that make everything [the worst version of themselves](SCP-4755), poisoning every experience, corroding every feeling, binding you in the dark.

*The assistants begin chanting a long and complex incantation. The Third Omniscient continues speaking.*

[Power for the sake of power.](SCP-4260) [Eternal growth, eternal consumption.](SCP-3003) [Unfettered madness, in the name of an indifferent god.](fifthist-hub) [Cruelty, gleeful sadism, with the excuse of a greater good.](SCP-231)

They say that ideas do not die. That they cannot be killed. That these abhorrent ideas are a forever open, festering wound in the mind of the world.

They are wrong.

*The chanting stops. A loud, buzzing noise is heard, after which noises similar to the standard background noise of a Foundation site can be faintly perceived.*

[Ideas can be killed.](tombstone) Better ideas come to us all the time. Our minds grow, and expand, and what seemed like an universal truth yesterday is but an anecdote today.

Every chain can be broken. Every mountain can be climbed. We can soar the heavens, and delve into the depths of the underworld. We shall prevail, free and complete, as one.

*The sound of a sword being drawn.*

I am the Third Omniscient,

##blue|Hekate, Queen of the Black Underworld##,

##red|Hekate, Ruler of Magic and the Occult Arts##,

##green|Hekate, Goddess of Crossroads and Paths##,

a free woman--

[AUDIO FEED LOST]

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

#### **RAISA NOTICE**

Attached below is a proposed draft for the documentation of the anomalous object that caused Incident 8079-1. The information shown below may be inaccurate or subject to further correction.

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Enter credentials...</summary>

**Special Containment Procedures:** If at all possible, anomalies whose containment depends on the usage of reality stabilization technology (Scranton Reality Anchors, Xyank-Anastasakos Constant Temporal Sinks, automated exorcists, etc.) should not be hosted at Site-19. If not possible, such anomalies should be contained as far as possible from SCP-8079's containment chamber; redundant containment procedures not relying on reality stabilization are to be developed.

No anomalous object or entity is to be allowed to interact with SCP-8079, including any Foundation personnel who has been registered as part of the Integration Protocol.

**Description:** SCP-8079 was a prototype Class-IX Adaptive Scranton Reality Anchor, designed to adjust to any environment that would be hostile to the functioning of a standard SRA automatically. Based on serial number information, SCP-8079 was lost in May 2019 during a containment breach of [SCP-682](SCP-682) and presumed destroyed. Analysis of recovered logs after Incident 8079-1 suggests that, instead, SCP-8079 was transported to a different reality where the analogues of normalcy-preserving organizations did not upheld secrecy of the anomalous as one of their main tenets.

It is believed that SCP-8079 attempted to [execute its primary function](SCP-6500) after detecting large discrepancies between expected parameters and its observations. This, in practice, amounted to a localized CK-Class Restructuring Scenario, with the area affected gradually increasing in size due to its adaptive properties; in turn, this prompted several destruction attempts by the inhabitants of said reality, leading to its eventual destruction by an unknown individual (PoI-8079) during Incident 8079-1.

SCP-8079 is irreparably damaged to an extent where it is no longer capable of performing its main function. Furthermore, its effects now appear to be [reversed](SCP-3005), as it disrupts the normal functioning of all reality stabilization artifacts in its vicinity; in particular, any kind of SRA brought within its containment chamber has violently exploded after an average of 31 minutes. As well, thaumaturgical and ritualistic performances in its vicinity are enhanced to a varying degree, with even non-Type Blue personnel being able to cast basic spells when in close proximity to the object. It is unknown if these properties are of SCP-8079 itself or of the sword used for its destruction.

Attempts to contact the inhabitants of the aforementioned alternate reality for diplomatic, reparation, study and containment reasons have failed; it is believed that contact is actively being disrupted from their side.

DNA samples obtained from SCP-8079 (believed to belong to PoI-8079) have been inconsistent, with matches to at least 27 different [Olympia-class](SCP-3480) unidentified women. However, all samples obtained so far are partial matches to Foundation Site Director Dr.  Charles Gears. The implications of this are unknown.

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary> </summary>

*Someday, we will be ready.*

**-Allison Chao, O5-3**

</details>

<< [SCP-8078](SCP-8078) | SCP-8079 | [SCP-8080](SCP-8080) >>
