====

====

.footnotes-footer {

display:none;

}

.balthdiv {

    background: #F2E0C2;

    background-size: contain;

    background-position: top center;

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    box-shadow: 0px 0px 5px rgba(0, 0, 0, 0.5);

    width: 90%;

    margin-left: auto;

    margin-right: auto;

    margin-bottom: 24px;

    padding: 10px 20px 20px 20px;

    word-break: break-word;

    color: black;

}

.text_section{

    float:left;

    width: 95%;

    padding: 0 2%;

    color: black;

}

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Metal+Mania&display=swap');

.Dragon {

font-family: metal mania;

font-size: 110%;

word-break: normal !important;

line-height: 1.35; 

---

**Special Containment Procedures:**

Due to its immobile nature, SCP-8700 is housed within Site-536, a largely subterranean modernised medieval fortress disguised as a volcanic research station located within the lower eastern slope of Mt. Etna. Site-536 is equipped with multiple redundant fire suppression systems, extensive fortification, strategic choke points, automated weaponry/artillery, and ground penetrating radar for the purpose of monitoring SCP-8700-1's position and activity level. SCP-8700 itself is physically restrained in place via heat resistant locking mechanisms and a ballistic glass containment vessel atop a 70 metre tall column within its containment chamber. The column is 40 metres from the sole entry point, accessible only via mechanical drawbridge. Access to SCP-8700s containment chamber is limited to daily inspections by technicians accompanied by SCP-8700-A. Level 3 and higher personnel are forbidden from entering the containment chamber, unless actively preventing an Excalibur Event.

In addition to standard Foundation personnel, Site-536 is to house a dedicated defence force at company strength. All on-site staff must score highly on weekly anti-coercion tests, and staff are to be rotated through other Foundation sites to mitigate the mental effects of SCP-8700 exposure. No personnel are to remain within SCP-8700s area of effect for two months or longer, with an additional two months before they may be allowed to work in Site-536 again. In the weeks preceding an Excalibur Event, Site-536 is to be reinforced by a minimum of two companies of armed task forces, typically sourced from MTF-Nu-7 ("Hammer Down") operatives. All Foundation staff joining Site-536 are to be inducted with SCP-8700-A.

No open flame may be produced on site, and all on-site personnel are to be equipped with gas masks at all times in preparation for the appearance of toxic gases. Reptiles that manifest within Site-536 are to be captured by on-site herpetologists when safe, and relocated via Wilson's Wildlife Services. Stores of antivenin are to be housed on site in the event of envenomations.

Individuals approaching Site-536 are to be redirected under the guise of avoiding noxious gases. Any persons circumventing the site perimeter are to be subdued by on-site defences and relinquished to local authorities. All areas known to be within SCP-8700's area of effects have been sealed to the public under the guise of volcanic research.

Upon the detection of an Excalibur Event a search is conducted for signs of SCP-8700-2 manifestation within a 200km radius of Site-536 via satellite heat mapping, police reports and standard Foundation surveillance. When located, SCP-8700-2 instances are to be intercepted and contained for later remote termination. Should this not be feasible, the usage of air strikes, naval strikes and other militarised activity may be approved on a case by case basis in order to terminate the anomaly on location. Should an instance reach Site-536, on-site personnel, defence forces and armed task forces are to take up defensive positions and terminate the entity by any means necessary. The on-Site AIC will aid personnel in terminating the entity via remote operation of blast doors, usage of water cannons and automated weaponry. SCP-8700-A is authorised to aid Foundation personnel in the defence of Site-536, and is to be supplied with necessary equipment, including SCP-8700-A1, to aid it in combat.

Ongoing research is to be conducted into the origins and nature of SCP-8700, with extensive ongoing interviews to be conducted with SCP-8700-A, with the goal of forcing SCP-8700 into a more stable condition. A cache of Ichneumon class weapons Anomalous weaponry reverse engineered from previous GOI weaponisation of SCP-8700's effects.  are held on-site for research and contingency purposes.

---

**Description:**

SCP-8700 is a 4.6 metre long two-handed sword, similar in form to 16th century Venetian swords, that has been driven into a large igneous stone via unknown means. The stone is anomalously hard, measuring 10 on the Mohs hardness scale, and bears faded Latin engravings upon its surface. SCP-8700 is ornate, with numerous rings and parrying lugs, a convex blade edge, octagonal pommel, and multiple thaumaturgic runes etched into the surface of the handle and blade, composed of a mixture of various varieties of steel. 1.6 metres of the blade has been exposed from the stone, with the remainder of the blade still housed within. MicroCT scans show that the blade of SCP-8700 was previously embedded within the stone to a depth of 3.4 metres, but the channel it has left will not allow for the sword to be re-inserted. The blade is extremely sharp, capable of slicing through organic material with minimal force applied For a complete record of materials tested on SCP-8700, see Document:8700-T-019/H. . Due to SCP-8700's large size making it impractical for use by a non-anomalous humanoid, it is theorised to have been forged from multiple other weapons, supported by the size and patterning of SCP-8700's steel.

SCP-8700 produces an area of anomalous effect within a 444 metre radius of itself, the most significant of which is mind-affecting in nature. Persons within this radius are susceptible to feelings of greed, irritability and anger, as well as manifesting signs of narcissistic personality disorder and pyromania. Audiovisual hallucinations are also common, typically in the form of hearing growls, hisses and slithering sounds, as well as seeing golden eyes in dark spaces or reflections. These effects worsen with prolonged exposure to SCP-8700's effects, but can be mitigated by counselling and medications, though risks becoming permanent aspects of the individual's personality and mentality if exposed for excessive amounts of time  Typically greater than ten weeks.  or if the individual is more susceptible to mental coercion. Persons affected in such a way may develop severe progressive ichthyosis over their entire body should they remain within SCP-8700's area of effect for greater than three months.

Open flames within SCP-8700's area of effect possess anomalous properties. Fire in the area will burn at higher temperatures while using less fuel than non-anomalous fire, and material will catch fire more easily; non-anomalous paper will catch fire at 451 Centigrade, but has ignited at temperatures as low as 200 centigrade within SCP-8700's area of effect.

Noxious gases spontaneously form in the area, typically sulphur dioxide or chlorine trifluoride. Additionally to this, various reptiles will spontaneously manifest within SCP-8700's area of effect, typically emerging from volcanic vents, air ducts, and desk drawers. These were initially believed to be exclusively native reptiles, but following a 2008 manifestation of several komodo dragons (*Varanus komodoensis*) within the site barracks and the 2011 manifestation of a fierce snake (*Oxyuranus microlepidotus*) within a desk drawer, this is no longer the case. These reptiles appear drawn to SCP-8700 via anomalous means, and will behave with aggression, particularly during Excalibur Events.

Research and experience has shown that the further SCP-8700 is pulled from the stone, the more acute and widespread the above effects become. This is the result of the sword functioning as a thaumaturgic seal, keeping an entity historically referred to as "The Wyrm", henceforth referred to as SCP-8700-1, beneath the mountain. Research and interviews suggest that the full removal of the sword from the stone will allow SCP-8700-1 to escape its prison beneath Mt. Etna, resulting in a catastrophic eruption and a potential K class event. 

SCP-8700-1 can be detected via ground penetrating radar at a depth of approximately 3300 metres below sea level, within a large magma chamber. Though readings can only give a vague impression of the entity's size and form, it is clear that SCP-8700-1 is colossal in size, with estimates ranging between 800 and 1700 metres in length. It appears to be six limbed, with a long neck and tail. SCP-8700-1 posses an indeterminate number of necks and heads, with scans detecting between one and several dozen heads at different times. Long range microphones often observe acoustic events described as growling, hissing and roaring, emitting from SCP-8700-1's vicinity. These recordings are made within the same time period during which surface-borne equipment detects volcanic emissions. While capable of limited movement, SCP-8700-1 appears unable to move from its position as if restrained. These thrashing movements can cause volcanic eruptions as they force magma towards the surface, and increase in frequency and vigour leading up to Excalibur Events.

Engravings and carvings found within Site-536 depict it as an enormous draconic creature. Said engravings portray it as having a very long neck in relation to the rest of its body, as well as a flattened, fanged head with some resemblance to the lizard family Varanidae, with some researchers arguing a resemblance to a crocodylimorph. Its skull also appears to bear a mane, or many spines and horns; analysis of the stone has found the remains of gold flake pigment in engravings of the entity's eyes, informing a yellow or golden eye colour. It is frequently depicted with fire emerging from its mouth, and followed by various creatures not matching any existing wildlife. Certain depictions, notably those believed to be associated with an ancient Greek origin, depict the entity with multiple heads, with a damaged segment possibly having depicted a humanoid. These artefacts have raised the possibility of a cultural link between SCP-8700-1 and the entity known as Typhon, a divine monster defeated by Zeus in Greek mythology.

---

**Excalibur Events:**

Every four to six years, SCP-8700-1 will enter an active period termed an "Excalibur Event". These periods induce an increase in volcanic activity in the region through SCP-8700-1's direct physical seismic influence, and directly correlate to the manifestation of SCP-8700-2.

SCP-8700-2 are reptilian creatures of variable size and shape, which will develop direct knowledge of SCP-8700. These entities may originate either through the sudden metamorphosis of an apparently random or unrelated human being somewhere on the island of Sicily during the beginning stages of the event, or rarely spontaneously emerging from mountainous earth in the general region of Mt. Etna. Upon manifestation, all SCP-8700-2 instances will proceed to make their way toward SCP-8700 and Site-536, destructively creating as direct a path as they are capable of. They will not seek out prey, but display an extremely violent defence response. 

While the specific size and biology of SCP-8700-2 individuals is inconsistent, they universally develop a knowledge of SCP-8700's location and a single-minded desire to remove it from its lodging, with formerly human individuals losing any interest in their previous lives. They may range from 300 to an excess of 5000 kilograms in mass, with human-origin individuals being smaller. All 8700-2 specimens have extremely thick and scaled skin, and develop novel organs (a 'third lung' appearing to produce volatile gases and fluids) rendering them capable of emitting explosive blasts of flame from their mouths. The usage of these blasts has been observed to damage the entities' faces and throats, particularly if the instance is newly formed. After this initial period, however, SCP-8700-2 instances prove more or less immune to most small arms fire and anti-vehicle munitions, as well as an absolute resistance to thermal weaponry and heat. Expired individuals violently combust within seconds of termination. 

The process of a person becoming a SCP-8700-2 instance is not fully understood, but can be detected through various signs, spikes in temperature being the most reliable. Individuals in the process of becoming a SCP-8700-2 instance radiate an increasing amount of heat, initially appearing as a severe fever, but soon progressing into the hundreds of degrees. This is accompanied by massive increases in aggression and loss of personality in the afflicted person, before a rapid metamorphosis occurs over a period of 10 minutes to 48 hours, though the instance will continue to grow and mutate the longer it survives. The core temperature of an SCP-8700-2 instance continuously increases, to the point of combusting material on contact. They are capable of tool and weapon use, but are generally of below human intellect in most regards. Unless terminated, human borne SCP-8700-2 instances typically survive between 10 and 30 days before the strain of their internal temperature causes them to self immolate. 

Spontaneously manifested SCP-8700-2 instances can be detected by a more gradually emerging and more extreme spike in local temperature in the area in which they appear. These instances are more easily detected and take longer to emerge than human borne instances, but are much larger and more destructive on average, with a greater variance in form and threat projection.

SCP-8700-2 instances typically cause widespread destruction in the path between their origin point and Site-536 if not terminated or contained promptly, and present a significant risk to normalcy, property and life in the area. They often display sadistic and needlessly destructive behaviours towards civilians in their path, and in some rare cases individuals exposed to SCP-8700-2 instances' bodily fluids can themselves be transfigured into secondary instances themselves. Instances have proven to be growing larger, stronger and more durable with each Excalibur Event, necessitating greater effort and resources to contain.

---

**Addendum 1: Notable Excalibur Events**

While the majority of Excalibur Events are anticipated and conclude with the swift containment and termination of the SCP-8700-2 instance, some events have proven more noteworthy. Below is a brief history of some of the more significant Excalibur Events, along with how they were resolved.

> **Date:** 27/10/1963

> **Location:** Vita, Sicily

> ----

> **Description:** SCP-8700-2 instance manifested through Fillipo Luna, a local mechanic and bare knuckle boxing champion. Specimen was 4.6m tall, bipedal, scaled and possessed three heads.

> 

> **Termination:** Contained on site by Foundation personnel, terminated via liquid nitrogen immersion.

> 

> **Notes:** The instance proved adept at improvising weaponry, terminated 8 MTF members.

> **Date:** 18/06/1978

> **Location:** Pedara, Sicily

> ----

> **Description:** The SCP-8700-2 instance manifested through Pino Ammaniti, a farmer under police investigation for ties to a kidnapping and ransom plot in the area. Upon full manifestation, the entity was a large worm-like creature possessing four heads, resembling eyeless versions of Mr. Ammanitis. It possessed three arms and a multitude of large white, fleshy, finger-like protrusions it used to move. It constantly produced a cognitohazardous wailing sound that affected the ability of humans to perceive it.

> 

> **Termination:** Following its emergence, the entity was able to use its ability and proximity to Site-536 to enter the site, causing 38 staff casualties. It was terminated via multiple decapitations and bodily trauma by SCP-8700-A.

> 

> **Notes:** The appearance of the entity so close to Site-536 is cause for great concern, and led to the adoption of a wider site perimeter and reprogramming of the on-site AIC to target difficult to perceive entities with greater effectiveness.

> **Date:** 15/01/1983

> **Location:** Mt. Pecoraro, Italy

> ----

> **Description:** A gradual heat spike was detected in Mt. Pecoraro, but appeared not to manifest as the entity seemingly formed underground and did not surface. Readings showed that it approached Site-536 underground, emerging into the sea at the southern edge of the Italian mainland before continuing its approach. It vaguely resembled a 24 metre long multi-limbed fossorial viperfish, producing intense flames from between plates of its carapace.

> 

> **Termination:** Due to the speed at which it moved, the SCP-8700-2 instance was able to reach Site-536 before it could be intercepted by the *SCPS Gurthang*, and was able to assault the site. It was terminated at south-east defensive position 2 via sustained howitzer fire after being immobilised by SCP-8700-A.

> 

> **Notes:** Following the entry of the entity into Site-536, the installation of an additional seven blast doors was approved.

> **Date:** 13/10/2006

> **Location:** Palermo, Sicily

> ----

> **Description:** Vincenzo Emile Marco, a convicted mass murder serving a life sentence in Pagliarelli prison was transfigured into an SCP-8700-2 instance within a solitary confinement cell over the course of 18 hours before emerging as a 7 metre tall winged humanoid possessing large horns and a skeletal head reminiscent of extinct predatory synapsids, capable of producing molten lava from its body. It breached its cell and approached Site-536 via multiple means, including the usage of automotive transport.

> 

> **Termination:** The SCP-8700-2 instance was terminated within Site-536 in a joint effort between Site staff, armed task force personnel and AIC operated weaponry before being bludgeoned to death by SCP-8700-A.

> 

> **Notes:** Upon breaching the prison cell, the instance displayed significant cunning in avoiding attack and detection by Foundation forces, allowing it to reach Site-536 in a short period of time. It proved particularly vicious in its assault, making frequent use of any weaponry it was able to acquire and incorporating wreckage into its body to act as armor.

> **Date:** 03/05/2012

> **Location:** Mediterranean Sea

> ----

> **Description:** SCP-8700-2 instance manifested through Aitana Abatantuono, an online influencer performing a photo shoot on her yacht. Upon transformation, the entity was a 3.6 metre long semi humanoid figure with a piscene tail, finned wings and talons which dove into the water and approached Site-536 at great speed.

> 

> **Termination:** The entity was intercepted en route to the site by the SCPS Gurthang, an horizon class destroyer, and terminated via depth charges.

> 

> **Notes:** Cavitation proved to be an extremely effective method of termination. Naval activity was explained to be a training exercise of the Italian navy.

> **Date:** 30/11/2015

> **Location:** Comino, Malta

> ----

> **Description:** A nine headed serpentine entity bearing a pair of humanoid arms covered in a thick carapace, dozens of spines, also possessing 40 pairs of vaguely human arms along its length measuring 8 metres long and weighing 900kg emerged from the earth on the northern edge of the island, causing a small fire as it emerged. It was able to spit venom in a manner similar to spitting cobras. This venom proved extremely potent and necrotic.

> 

> **Termination:** The entity was able to down a Foundation A-10 aircraft by firing long range streams of molten lava from its mouths, but in spite of this was rapidly engaged by Foundation ground forces and forced into a mobile containment cell with minimal casualties, before being transported to a remote site to be terminated via cavitation and arms fire. Termination attempts have thus far proved unsuccessful.

> 

> **Notes:** The removal of a head from the specimen prompted the rapid growth of an additional two heads from the site of the wound. At present the instance possesses 47 heads.

---

**Addendum 2: Discovery and History of Site-536** 

SCP-8700 was discovered by the nascent Foundation in the 19th century, but only taken under Foundation control in 1953 when it was discovered that it had fallen under Chaos Insurgency control four years prior Having previously been contained by the now defunct GOI-0536 who had significantly modernised the Site. . Once containment procedures were established, the Foundation set about cataloguing and documenting all materials, inscriptions and iconography present within what was now termed Site-536. Multiple items of note were found, including Chaos Insurgency weaponry seemingly derived from the effects of SCP-8700 that were reverse engineered by the Foundation into the Ichneumon class lancer. 

Of particular note were numerous inscriptions in 33 languages within the castle detailing the emergence of a "Dragon" or "Wyrm" Believed to be SCP-8700-1.  from Mt. Etna on the 15th of July, 1529 which proceeded to wreak havoc and devastation across Europe for thirty years, producing a multitude of monstrous children to carry out its will. The presence of the wyrm's offspring spread like a pestilence "For to sup from the blood of a dragon-touched was a curse of the highest order... for not only had you touched evil, but had been corrupted entirely and irredeemably by it." -The Fell Hand and the Wyrm, 1587. . While people fled the continent in terror or remained in their homes, hiding from SCP-8700-1, the entity incinerated armies and sacked cities, plundering their wealth and transporting it to its lair in Mt. Vesuvius.  

In this thirty year period, an order of knights and sorcerers formed to end the wyrm's reign of terror. A prominent member of this order, only ever named as "The Urdalṭaši", declared that the wyrm had previously been defeated by an Olympian king thousands of years before, and had been sealed within the mountain. While their skill and sorcery was great, it could not compare to that of the Olympian king, and thus would require the forging of a "Holy and fell" blade. Members of the order were dispatched to retrieve various artefacts to be used in the sword's construction, such as "The sword of Briton", "The swords of Roland and Charlemagne" and "The wrathful blade of the North." With these relics, the "Great Blade" was forged and inscribed with powerful magic and runes to defeat and imprison the wyrm. The founder of the order and greatest warrior among them, a potentially anomalous man of unknown name and origin, was chosen to wield the blade. He was imbued with all the magic and blessings the order and those opposed to the wyrm could provide, making him "Greater and more terrible than the dawn." He was dubbed "the Fell Hand", and quenched the blade in the blood of one of the wyrm's children in order to draw the entity out. The order then proceeded to Mt. Etna to issue their challenge, for only there could the wyrm be imprisoned.

While the above details varied between inscriptions and books, the following passage remained consistent across all versions, and has been included below.

Issuing a mighty shout, the Fell Hand thrust his sword into the sky, its mighty blade shining like the sun beneath the darkened heavens. In his rage and hubris, the dread Wyrm came screaming from the sky, and his landing laid low many men. His fury was so great that his roars and bellows deafened many, but the Fell Hand stood strong. The Wyrm charged, spewing flame and hatred in equal measure. The Fell Hand charged, swinging his blade with more might and skill than this world shall ever witness again. For 40 days and 40 nights their battle raged. The Wyrm's children laying low the companions of the Fell Hand, and the companions slaying the Wyrm's foul children upon the mountainside in turn. Come dawn of the final day, the Fell Hand drew to him both his closest brother Macarius Vschar and the secretive mage The Urdalṭaši, conspiring to bait the Wyrm into one final trap, upon which the hopes and fates of all men would rest. 

Drawing the Wyrm into the open, Macarius took the body of the Dragon's son, holding it aloft as a fell banner. In his bottomless rage and malice, the Wyrm came for Macarius, spewing black magick from his eyes and flame from his throat. With his mighty blade and the last of his will, the Fell Hand sprung from his hiding place and plunged the sword deep into the Wyrm's belly and rent its body with a mighty cry. Never before had the Dragon met such injury at the hands of men, and he cried out in terror, seizing the Fell Hand in his mighty claws even as the Urdalṭaši, that mightiest of sorcerers, led his disciples in opening the earth. The Wyrm laughed cruelly, believing he had slain the Fell Hand even as it slid into the chasm. 'What wilt thou do now?' It laughed 'Now thy meagre champion lies dead before thy feet?' The Fell Hand's voice once more rang out, a mighty roar of defiance and fury as he plunged the sword into the stone of the earth with his dying breath, and caused all the world to hold still as though holding its own breath. Defeated by the might of the Fell Hand, the magick of the Urdalṭaši, and the sacrifice of Macarius, the Wyrm was struck by a mighty thunderbolt, channelled by the Urdalṭaši through the sword itself, which smote his ruin into the fiery depths of the earth.

Here we remember the Fell Hand, mightiest of men. The Urdalṭaši and his order, whose like will never again be known, and the brave souls of the Order, whose sacrifice brought a new dawn for all the world.

@@ @@

Further details of the history of SCP-8700 and Site-536 detailed that following the containment of SCP-8700-1, the Urdalṭaši, a suspected Daevite thaumaturge, ordered the construction of a castle at the site of SCP-8700 in order to defend it from any who would seek the release of SCP-8700-1. While the magic imprisoning SCP-8700-1 was great, it was suspected that whatever force had held it previously was far greater, necessitating additional means in order to protect SCP-8700. He then worked with the smiths who made SCP-8700 to fashion a suit of armor for the mortally wounded Macarius Vschar, which was inlaid with the remains of SCP-8700's materials and thaumaturgic runes of great power. Macarius was sealed within the armor as his final resting place, and a thaumaturgic ritual was performed at the cost of Urdalṭaši's life which resulted in the creation of SCP-8700-A, who was sworn to guard the castle forever.

Numerous other documents and items of note were found and catalogued within the site, including various depictions of SCP-8700-1 from various dates between 540BC and 1610AD, an armory containing various well preserved 16th century weapons and armor Including several unusually large armor pieces and weapons more than double the size of standard equipment. , minor anomalous items, a mausoleum bearing multiple names, including that of the Urdalṭaši and a monument dedicated to the Fell Hand. Modernisation of the site has revealed anomalous building methods presumed to have been the work of medieval thaumaturgy and numerous wards preventing the site being consumed by Mt. Etna's emissions.

---

**Addendum 3: SCP-8700-A** 

**Item #:** SCP-8700-A

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Standard Containment Policies:**

* Two-person residential module (no amenity restrictions)

* Access to site library, recreational facilities, cafeteria, and internal public areas (supervised)

* Educational curriculum enrolment 

* Fortnightly psychological review

**Special Containment Procedures:**

SCP-8700-A is to be housed in a reinforced OCHRE-grade Thaumodisruptor Designed to incapacitate SCP-8700-A via disruption of its thaumaturgic runes.  equipped humanoid containment unit adjacent to SCP-8700's primary containment chamber. While SCP-8700-A does not require rest or biological functions, it is to be allowed to keep its own space as reward for good behaviour. This space is equipped with a crucifix, paint supplies and non-haptic e-reader.

With supervision, SCP-8700-A is permitted to perform inspections of SCP-8700 and Site-536 freely provided it does not interfere with Foundation activities, but may not exit the historic sections of the Site. Any suggestions made by the entity on the containment procedures of SCP-8700 are to be noted and taken under consideration. SCP-8700-A may not physically interact with Foundation staff unless in the interest of their safety during an Excalibur Event. It has been fitted with a remote activated OCHRE-grade Thaumodisruptor in the event of an escape attempt.

During Excalibur Events SCP-8700-A is permitted to access SCP-8700-A1 from the on-site armory for the purposes of defending SCP-8700, but is not permitted to use firearms.

---

**Description:**

SCP-8700-A is a self-ambulatory suit of mid 16th century plate armor measuring 2.3 metres tall and weighing 160kg, with an average plate thickness of 12mm. It is a dull steel colour and inscribed with numerous thaumaturgic runes inside and out, many of whose functions are not currently understood. Similarly to SCP-8700, it possesses a hardness of 10 on the Mohs hardness scale, and is extremely resistant to deformation. Despite being exposed to extreme temperatures in excess of 1900C it has never shown any sign of approaching it's melting point. It has been constructed in such a way as to not open or be removed from a wearer, and probe cameras have shown that the interior of SCP-8700-A possesses numerous rods and spikes bearing faint traces of ossified tissue encrusted into them that would make it impossible to be worn. The thaumaturgic runes and inscriptions seen on the interior of SCP-8700-A are of a more complex nature than those on the exterior, and are believed to be at least partially responsible for the anomaly's animation. These runes produce a faint red glow, and have been theorised to partially derive power from SCP-8700's effects.

SCP-8700-A possesses an extreme level of strength, endurance and speed. Testing has shown it to lift in excess of 3200kg overhead, and during Excalibur Events it has been witnessed dismembering SCP-8700-2 entities unarmed. It is not hindered by the presence of toxins, lack of oxygen or when submerged in water. While it does not possess vocal cords or a mouth, SCP-8700-A is capable of speech, which emerges from within its helm. It speaks in a deep, somewhat muffled voice with an accent of indeterminate origin. It is able to perceive its environment to the same degree as a baseline human despite the lack of sensory organs, possessing vision, hearing and a sense of touch, but has reported an inability to taste or smell. SCP-8700-A is extremely proficient in combat, particularly when armed with blunt or edged weapons.

Referring to itself as Macarius Vschar As mentioned in Document 8700/ R&D-H: History of Site-536. , SCP-8700-A has an understanding of multiple languages, but appears to have a preference for Latin and Old English. It possesses knowledge of much of the history of 14th, 15th, 16th and 17th century Europe, and has expressed interest in learning more about the world. SCP-8700-A appears to be religious, and practices a form of renaissance-era Christianity.

Although willing to engage in conversation or aiding Foundation staff when requested, SCP-8700-A is primarily concerned with guarding SCP-8700 and ensuring it is not removed from the stone. While it will allow Foundation staff it is familiar with to examine and touch SCP-8700 under its supervision, the subject will attempt to bodily restrain all others from approaching the sword, reacting violently if repeated attempts are made. On the approach of an SCP-8700-2 instance, it will react with extreme violence, but has been noted to attempt to preserve the lives of Foundation personnel around it while doing so.

SCP-8700-A1 is a large, ornate European longsword constructed entirely of the same material as SCP-8700-A. It measures 1.95m in length, weighing 7.3kg, much heavier than comparably sized weaponry. While similarly durable, heat resistant and rust-proof as SCP-8700-A, SCP-8700-A1's only additional anomalous property is its resistance to dulling, always possessing a razor sharp edge.

#### History of SCP-8700-A

---

SCP-8700-A was discovered by Foundation precursors in the 19th century alongside SCP-8700, and was initially contained as a hostile entity within an on-site cage, presumably with considerable loss of life. The brief occupation by the Chaos Insurgency between 1948 and 1953 did not reverse this trend, though upon Foundation acquisition the entity appeared agitated and hostile. It is not known if SCP-8700-A's containment was permanent or if it was permitted to intervene in Excalibur Events as it is today.

Initially the Foundation sought to contain SCP-8700-A on-site, which was achieved with little difficulty. It was studied much like any other anomaly, taught modern languages and allowed to communicate with Foundation researchers. While non-hostile, the entity repeatedly expressed a desire to be freed and reiterated the threats posed by SCP-8700, 8700-1 and 8700-2. It was not until 1967 when an Excalibur Event threatened the security of SCP-8700 that SCP-8700-A breached containment. Initially there was confusion and panic as efforts to terminate the incoming SCP-8700-2 entity were split to re-contain SCP-8700-A, allowing the former entity to enter SCP-8700's primary containment chamber. Despite the efforts of the MTF, the 8700-2 instance was able to grasp SCP-8700 and attempt to pull it loose of the stone. It lifted SCP-8700 18mm Expanding SCP-8700's area of effect from a 419m radius to its now current 444m radius.  before being intercepted by SCP-8700-A, who rapidly ejected the entity from the chamber before bludgeoning it to death with a fire extinguisher. SCP-8700-A then returned to its containment cell peacefully.

When questioned about its behaviour, SCP-8700-A stated only the following.

> **SCP-8700-A:** *"I guard the sword. I care not for all else. Do your duty and cease interfering with mine."*

Following this, tentative steps were taken to test the possibility of integrating SCP-8700-A into SCP-8700's Containment Procedures. These tests were consistently successful and low risk over a period of 14 years and the course of 3 Excalibur Events, acting to aid and protect MTF and other Foundation lives numerous times in the process. This eventuated into a provisional Thaumiel classification, which gradually evolved into SCP-8700-A's current containment procedures.

#### Behavioural Evaluation of SCP-8700-A

---

When questioned on the nature of its existence, SCP-8700-A reaffirms the details of numerous inscriptions in tablets and books within the site, claiming to be the "Soul" of the knight Macarius Vschar, transferred into a suit of armor in order to guard SCP-8700. It frequently cites the thaumaturgic runes inscribed into itself as evidence of this. Based on scans, research and study into these runes, it is the position of the Foundation that SCP-8700-A's consciousness is a psychic imprint of an individual used in the creation of the anomaly Given the similarities between a portion of these runes and those used in Daevite thaumaturgy, it is unlikely the person used in this ritual would survive the process and was likely used as a sacrifice to power the ritual.  . When presented with this theory, SCP-8700-A reacted with signs of distress and prayed within the site chapel for 13 hours before requesting that information not be relayed to it again.

SCP-8700-A devotes the majority of its time to tending toward SCP-8700, patrolling the historic portion of Site-536, prayer in the chapel, training drills, painting, and reading. While willing to engage in discussion with Foundation personnel, it is often described as terse or cold in its bearing and occasionally judgemental in nature. It appears fascinated by modern technology and music, but frequently dismisses media as nonsensical, inaccurate or blasphemous.

During Excalibur Events SCP-8700-A demostrates a large degree of competency and knowledge in regards to combat and tactics. It displays a single minded determination to neutralise SCP-8700-2 instances, often employing pragmatic but extremely violent means, particularly in the defence of Foundation personnel or SCP-8700. Despite this, SCP-8700-A has expressed a distaste for violence, and claims that it only does what is necessary.

SCP-8700-A has made frequent requests to be allowed to visit the grave site of a woman it claims is its sister, identified as "Eve", 1.3km from the entrance to Site-536. These requests have been denied.

#### SCP-8700-A Psychological Review: 1993

---

**Interviewed:** SCP-8700-A

**Interviewer:** Dr. Andrzej Rodda

**Foreword:** The following is a transcript of SCP-8700-A's 1993 psychological review meeting, whose purpose is to review the entity's behaviour, mindset and potential issues that have been discussed in standard sessions throughout the year. 1993 proved an eventful year at Site-536, with lessened staff turnover, an Excalibur Event, and the adoption of art therapy for SCP-8700-A. Interview is conducted within SCP-8700-A's containment cells.

---

**<Begin Log>**

**Dr. Rodda:** Good evening 8700-A, I'm here for your psych review. Are you all set to get started?

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes. Is it?

**Dr. Rodda:** I'm sorry? Is it what?

**SCP-8700-A:** Evening.

**Dr. Rodda:** Oh, yes, it is. You can see the time on the clock, there, remember?

**SCP-8700-A:** It has no face, I cannot trust it.

**Dr. Rodda:** Yes it's digital, only until a replacement for your old one arrives. You remember we showed you how to read it?

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes.

**Dr. Rodda:** Right, so we'll start with how you're feeling then?

**SCP-8700-A:** As usual. Fulfilled.

**Dr. Rodda:** Care to elaborate?

**SCP-8700-A:** I guard the sword. Comply with regulations. But it is good to have brothers in arms once more. A marked improvement over my years in solitude.

**Dr. Rodda:** I see, so you feel a sense of camaraderie with the agents employed here then?

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes.

**Dr. Rodda:** The last Excalibur Event, do you have any thoughts on it?

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes. The children of the dragon are growing stronger. I was aggrieved to have been unable to aid in its destruction.

**Dr. Rodda:** You keep calling them that. Why?

**SCP-8700-A:** It is what they are. Spawn of the dragon, to be slain like the beasts they are.

**Dr. Rodda:** I see. No other thoughts on the event then?

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes. You must fortify the land to break the children before they penetrate the keep. Too many were wounded in its assault, and if the dragon is planning worse we may be taken unawares.

**Dr. Rodda:** I'll let the higher ups know you said that. Though it was an interesting one, it is a shame we couldn't keep it here for study.

*SCP-8700-A leans forwards, gesturing emphatically with its hands.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Do not do such a thing.

**Dr. Rodda:** Calm down, 8700-A. I was joking.

*SCP-8700-A crosses its arms and leans back in its chair, looking away for a moment before nodding.*

**Dr. Rodda:** Good. Thank you. Now, how are you enjoying the art therapy? Dr. Simmons told me you have been spending more time painting lately.

**SCP-8700-A:** It is an enjoyable activity, if frivolous.

**Dr. Rodda:** May I see what you have painted recently?

*SCP-8700-A turns and retrieves a stack of slate tiles, each bearing a painted picture, and places them on the table.*

**Dr. Rodda:** This is the 8700-2 instance from the seventies?

*Dr. Rodda lifts the first painting and holds it towards the camera to display the image. It depicts a large, eight limbed reptilian entity within Site-536 with flames emerging from its mouth. Black humanoid figures surround it, firing upon it with firearms as a silver figure impales it.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes.

**Dr. Rodda:** Is there any reason you chose to paint this?

**SCP-8700-A:** It was a moment of triumph, when I found a new brotherhood with your Foundation. I learned you are of a stouter heart and bloodier disposition than I first gave you credit for.

**Dr. Rodda:** I see, very good. I like this one of the horse here.

*Dr. Rodda lifts up one of the paintings, angling it towards the camera to display the image. It depicts a vaguely mammalian quadruped in a field of grass. SCP-8700-A crosses its arms again.*

**SCP-8700-A:** That is a hound.

**Dr. Rodda:** Oh. I see.

**SCP-8700-A:** I have not seen one in many years, It is unfair to judge my efforts in such a way.

**Dr. Rodda:** It's alright! Better than what I can do, well what about this one, is this your sister?

*Dr. Rodda lifts a third and final tile, angling it to the camera. It is a portrait of a young woman with black hair, dressed in early renaissance garb.* 

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes.

**Dr. Rodda:** You still miss her.

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes.

**Dr. Rodda:** It's been hundreds of years.

*SCP-8700-A begins to bounce its knee rapidly, looking around the cell. Its voice grows strained.*

**SCP-8700-A:** I live in the shadow of her murderer. It whispers to me of how it twisted her mind and made her forget herself. It mocks me with her dying words and how it let her remember who she was before she was smote upon the stones. I am tormented with memories of the pathetic being it reduced her to. I should have been present to defend her from such a curse, not fetching a sword from a lake.

**Dr. Rodda:** Eve's death was not in your control, 8700-A. You have said yourself that even the Fell Hand couldn't have saved her. You being there too would have simply led to your death or falling under that thing's control as well, and then who would be here keeping the dragon from re-emerging? You work with us to ensure the same doesn't happen anyone else. In that way you honour her memory, remember?

*SCP-8700-A sits hunched, arms crossed and bouncing its knee for a long moment before nodding slowly.*

**SCP-8700-A:** I swore vengeance for her fate. Even after I aided in sending it into the fire I did not feel the peace I hoped for. Still it taunts me with her last words before it drove her mad. Its eyes. Its eyes, she cried. How I desire to thrust my blade into its heart for what it wrought.

**Dr. Rodda:** This kind of trauma takes time to resolve, 8700-A. If you continue to discuss these feelings and pursue the art therapy, it can help ease these feelings.

*SCP-8700-A nods.*

**SCP-8700-A:** I shall persist. Ever has this place allowed the dragon to fill men’s hearts with pain and avarice. I shall not falter like the others before me.

**Dr. Rodda:** I'm glad to hear that. You refer to the people who staffed this site before its abandonment? What happened to them, in your opinion?

**SCP-8700-A:** The dragon corrupted their hearts, and they fell to their vices because they did not know what their failure would unleash. They had not lived it as I had under the wyrm's reign.

**Dr. Rodda:** You believe that first-hand experience with 8700-1 would have helped these men to resist SCP-8700's effects?

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes

**Dr. Rodda:** Come on, no more one word answers. How would that have made a difference?

*SCP-8700-A sighs deeply, resting its head against its fist, before beginning to speak.*

**SCP-8700-A:** The dragon fell upon the land like a plague. Many believed it was the apocalypse, but no trumpet was heard and no horsemen were seen. Only its unholy cries and disgusting spawn. It laid low city after city, consumed entire armies. The blood flowed in raging rivers. I saw the frail citizens fleeing the carnage swept away by the torrents. Those who opposed it were reduced to ash or eaten if they were fortunate. Those who were not were enthralled by its hideous eyes, reduced to ravening beasts crawling in the muck, naked like dogs. Thousands fled, but all the ships were burned. Wizards and flesh crafters raged against it to no avail. The remnants of the armies it had shattered were hiding or turned to banditry. With none left to oppose it, the dragon and its foul offspring ravaged the land and her people unchecked, killing at will. It had dominion over all the land, and it demanded tithes of blood, gold and fear. Men were reduced to living as beasts in caves, hiding, frightened of shadows and terrified of flame. Not since the days of the Olympians had such a terror blighted the land. The air was full of screams and laughter as people were hunted down like game, and one could not escape the reek of ash and blood and fear. Not with fifty thousand men could you oppose such terrible might. Without the Fell Hand this existence would have endured far longer than thirty winters, and his kind has long since vanished from the world. Those who fell never knew the terror of those dark days. They never knew the grief and the rage. They did not understand what lay at stake, for how could they had they not lived through it. Their hearts were full of hope and desire for the future rather than hate, and that is what laid them low.

*Dr. Rodda frowns and examines SCP-8700-A across the desk.*

**Dr. Rodda:** Are you implying that we have the same attitude towards SCP-8700? I assure you that we know full well what is at stake here. The Foundation has more experience in containing dangerous items such as these than anyone else on the planet. I don't need to remind you that you are permitted to defend SCP-8700 at our discretion.

*SCP-8700-A nods slowly.*

**SCP-8700-A:** I understand. I do not believe your people are like those men. While you did not suffer under the wyrm's fist, you have a pain behind your eyes of a similar ilk. You have tasted despair and grief and the weight of unknowable responsibility, if not at the hands of the dragon then from some other terror of whom I know not. We are united in this cause, and it is good to have brothers and sisters in arms once more.

**Dr. Rodda:** I'm glad, but you still seem tense.

**SCP-8700-A:** Rather what I fear instead is that the dragon is planning something. He is more cunning than how he has acted. He has powerful children, but does not wield his strength to as deadly effect as he might. Something is coming. I can feel it.

**Dr. Rodda:** What sort of something? Something you have encountered before?

**SCP-8700-A:** I do not know. But he is plotting something. I am sure of it.

**<End Log>**

**Closing Statement:** SCP-8700-A continues to adhere to all orders given to it, and performed well during the previous Excalibur Event. While it is experiencing elevated levels of grief in regards to its claimed sister "Eve", this is to be expected with its therapy and is expected to improve over time. Its paranoia regarding SCP-8700-1 is worth noting, but based on all research and SCP-8700-A's personality I do not believe it is a significant concern. I am overall pleased with the progress SCP-8700-A has made these last months, and recommend no changes to its current containment procedures.

Dr. Andrzej Rodda

---

**Addendum 4: 20/02/2024 Excalibur Event Incident.**

In early 2024 ground penetrating radar detected a significant increase in SCP-8700-1 activity within Mt. Etna's magma chamber consistent with those preceding an Excalibur Event. Armed mobile task force personnel were directed to deploy at Site-536 in preparation for the event and await orders. A temperature spike was recorded on the property of ██████ ██████████ A local politician with ties to extremist groups, known for their "Cult of personality."  53km from Site-536. Mobile task force units were mobilised to intercept a potential SCP-8700-2 entity, awaiting its emergence for 17 hours before Mr. ██████████ underwent transformation into an SCP-8700-2 instance, causing his home to rapidly burn down on the 20/02/2024.

The entity was engaged by a company strength mobile task force waiting in ambush, but this proved unsuccessful. Despite the deployment of significant force the SCP-8700-2 entity continued a rapid approach towards Site-536, appearing entirely unharmed. After multiple airstrikes were delivered but showed no sign of slowing the entity, Site Director George Eddings ordered a second company to intercept the entity alongside SCP-8700-A. This decision was questioned by Site-536 staff, initially believing Director Eddings to be overly stressed and unwell, but they ultimately accepted the directive. Upon arrival at the SCP-8700-2 instance's location 17km from Site-536, SCP-8700-A engaged the creature. The engagement lasted 98 minutes, leaving 26 mobile task force members killed in action, but resulted in the successful termination of the SCP-8700-2 instance. Despite this, SCP-8700-1 continued its heightened level of activity. 

MTF forces returned to Site-536 to debrief and treat injuries before being redeployed to their home bases, with un-deployed and unharmed MTF forces departing immediately. SCP-8700-A requested to visit its sister's grave following its return to site, which was approved by Site Director Eddings provided it was escorted by its supervisor and a contingent of four containment acquisition specialists, citing a lack of any threat following the Excalibur Event. This decision was widely criticised by staff, who believed that Director Eddings' decision making ability was compromised by a severe fever he had suffered the night prior. The events that followed the departure of SCP-8700-A were recorded from multiple body cameras and on-site security cameras, and took place over the following 113 minutes.

---

---

Following the apparent conclusion of the Excalibur Event, a covert containment transport vehicle departed the site containing SCP-8700-A restrained in the rear containment compartment. SCP-8700-A was dressed in oversized civilian clothing to disguise its anomalous nature. Present in the vehicle was SCP-8700-A Supervisor Ignatius Fiore and Containment Acquisition Specialist agents CAS-1 Salvatore, CAS-1 Deccoco, CAS-1 Slade and CAS-1 Bean. They travel approximately 12 minutes to reach the location of the historic cemetery where SCP-8700-A's alleged sister is buried with orders to re-contain or terminate SCP-8700-A should it attempt to escape.

---

*Within Site-536, site Director Eddings can be seen within his office, observing the departure of SCP-8700-A via computer. He appears pleased, standing from his desk and clutching his chest as he staggers to a cabinet. He hurriedly removes his tie, jacket and shirt, revealing his torso and left arm are experiencing extreme ichthyosis, visibly spreading and thickening across his flesh. He takes a glass jar and scalpel from the cabinet and proceeds to cut a long incision across his chest, catching the blood in the jar and filling it. The blood is mildly luminescent, with a golden shimmer to it. He does not speak during this process.* 

*He re-dresses, seals the jar, places it in his briefcase and appears to practise genial expressions in his mirror before moving from his quarters to the mess hall. The hall is at maximum capacity, with MTF agents and site staff celebrating the successful Excalibur Event and preparing for a meal. The atmosphere is jovial and full of sound. Director Eddings proceeds to work his way through the crowd, shaking hands with various personnel before entering the kitchen unnoticed. The kitchens are empty save for Director Eddings, who produces the jar from his briefcase and pours its contents into one of three drinks dispensers by the door. He then exits the kitchens and re-enters the mess hall, standing against the North wall and gesturing for Mess Officer George Sapkowski to approach him.*

**Mess Officer Sapkowski:** Hell of a day here George, what can I do for you?

**Director Eddings:** Oh yes, hell of a day! With this crowd it won't only be our dragon slayers hard at work. What are you cooking up for us tonight George?

**Mess Officer Sapkowski:** Well I thought since were celebrating I'd swap dinner for lunch, give these guys a good send off you know? So we'll have the gazpacho and chicken salad tonight, and the seafood platters now. It’s all ready to come out whenever you give the word.

**Director Eddings:** Excellent, excellent idea! I'll tell you what though, before we start sending out food I'd love to say a few words, give a proper thank you to our brave guests. Can I get you to bring out the drinks cart, get everyone a glass so I can say a toast?

**Mess Officer Sapkowski:** You got it, no problem. *Mess officer Sapkowski turns and addresses the kitchen staff.* Alright, alright, break it up guys, go get the drinks cart out, these folks are thirsty!

*The kitchen staff begins pouring and distributing drinks.*

**Director Eddings:** Like a well oiled machine they are, George.

**Mess Officer Sapkowski:** Thanks, George, just one of the perks of hiring a culinary superstar such as myself. 

*Both laugh. Director Eddings retrieves two glasses from the contaminated dispenser, handing one to mess officer Sapkowski.*

**Mess Officer Sapkowski:** Thanks very much!

**Director Eddings:** Well, us Georges need to stick together, don't we? 

*Both laugh. Director Eddings moves to the front of the room, standing on a chair to be better seen. He smiles and waves to the crowd before clinking his phone against his glass and addressing them.*

**Director Eddings:** Good morning everyone! May I have your attention please? Alright, settle down, yes. Nolan get out of the kitchen, we're eating in a minute. Alright! I know you are all having a wonderful time celebrating the completion of another Excalibur Event, and I could not be more pleased with all of you!

*Cheering from the crowd.*

**Director Eddings:** That was quite some monster! But you boys are made of tough stuff, and handled it like the Foundation's finest! However, I must dampen spirits for a moment. I want to commemorate the brave men and women who lost their lives this morning, keeping the world safe. They died in the dark so that the civilians of the world can live in the light. It's a heavy price to pay, I know. But I would gladly pay that price myself to protect those I love, and so would all of you.

*More cheering from the crowd, less enthusiastic.*

**Director Eddings:** So I say thank you, and a moment's silence for the brave souls lost today. They will be immortalised in our memories.

*Director Eddings lowers his head and clasps his hands together in silence, followed by all in attendance doing the same. There is silence for 12 seconds.*

**Director Eddings:** Lest we forget.

*This is repeated by those gathered.*

**Director Eddings:** Now, since you have all been working so hard these last few months, I thought it only fair that you be rewarded with something to drink at least, no?

*Enthusiastic cheering.*

**Director Eddings:** *<Laughs.>* I thought so! So let us raise our glasses to the fallen, may they rest in peace, and may we at Site-536 look forward to a brighter, better future! Cheers!

*The crowd cheers and all present drink, including Director Eddings. The Director steps off his chair.*

**Director Eddings:** Now come on all of you! Enjoy today, and this afternoon we'll get back to work. Enjoy yourselves please!

*The crowd begins to talk amongst themselves. Director Eddings heads for the door, but is approached by Mess Officer Sapkowski.*

**Mess Officer Sapkowski:** Nice speech, George, not a bit hot under the collar there are you though? You're sweating something awful. Are you alright?

**Director Eddings:** Fine, fine, just need to get back to work now is all.

**Mess Officer Sapkowski:** Yeah, but come on, you alright? Do you need any—

**Director Eddings:** Shut the fuck up and get back in the kitchen. Now.

*Director Eddings hastily leaves the room. Mess Officer Sapkowski appears shocked, but returns to the kitchen.*

**Director Eddings:** Pathetic worms.

*Director Eddings proceeds from the mess hall towards systems engineering, removing and discarding his tie as he goes. Ichthyosis can be seen spreading up his neck, with smoke emerging from areas of exposed flesh. He approaches the Site-536 AIC central monitoring hub, ignoring the technicians as they stand to address him.*

**AIC Technician Venturi:** Director? Is there something wrong? Wait, Director, you can't go in there, Director!

*Director Eddings pauses at the door to the AIC console chamber before grabbing a desk chair and flinging it at AIC Technician Venturi. The chair connects with her head, neck and chest, knocking her down. Blood can be seen pooling around her head on the floor. AIC Technician Riccardio stands and attempts to draw his firearm, but is attacked by Director Eddings, who disarms him before impaling him through the chest cavity with his arm. Claws have formed on his fingers, and smoke is now billowing from his skin and clothing. He then turns to the door and wrenches it open with a great deal of strain. Klaxons sound site wide as the AIC deploys defensive weaponry.*

**Site-536 AIC:** CEASE HOSTILITIES. YOU HAVE 5 SECONDS TO COMPLY.

**Director Eddings** Be silent, simulacrum.

*Director Eddings enters the AIC console chamber and begins inputting shutdown commands. His flesh can be seen writhing and his clothes tearing as he physically expands. His clothing combusts as he types.*

*The MTF and site-536 personnel gathered in the mess hall have ceased celebrations. Many have produced their weapons, and are reacting in confusion. Non-combatant personnel are directed towards their nearest emergency shelters.*

**Site-536 AIC:** SHUTDOWN ATTEMPTED. EXCALIBUR EVENT IN PROGRESS. ADDITIONAL EXCALIBUR EVENT IN PROGRESS. SCP-8700-2 ENTITY WITHIN AIC CONSOLE CHAMBER. TERMINATING SCP-8700-2 ENTITY.

*Automatic weaponry and water cannons are deployed site-wide, with those present within the AIC console chamber opening fire upon Director Eddings. The Director falls to the ground in the fetal position, emitting growling vocalisations before combusting violently, destroying the AIC control console and damaging the AIC's central processor. All automated defence systems freeze in place and lose power, ceasing operation site-wide.*

*Director Eddings undergoes a rapid mutation into an SCP-8700-2 instance. His skull expands, sprouting numerous horns and his mouth elongating into a crocodilian muzzle bristling with teeth. The new structures appear to emerge from beneath Director Eddings' skin, which tears open and sloughs off in places as the process continues. A long tail erupts from his rear, with his hips splitting apart and taking a new position as his legs increase in muscle mass. Rows of spikes and a thick carapace emerge from the instance's body as it rapidly increases in size and mass, and its vocalisations change from those of Director Eddings into bestial growls. The instance thrashes about violently as it transforms, causing significant damage to the structure around it.*

*Simultaneously in the mess hall, all personnel that consumed drinks from the dispenser contaminated by Director Eddings, approximately 43% of those present, are rapidly undergoing a similar process. As they clutch their heads and torsos, screaming, those unaffected are seen to both flee to other areas of the site or remain to aid the afflicted, with a large portion of the remaining MTF members led by Cmdr. Reul Bratt hastily falling back to the tertiary defence zone outside SCP-8700's containment chamber. The personnel affected by the contaminated drinks then undergo rapid mutation into secondary SCP-8700-2 entities, increasing in size by approximately 10%, bursting into flame and growing thick scales which can be seen to emerge from underneath their skin. Clouds of gas can be seen emerging from the ventilation system.*

*The unaffected personnel still within the mess hall are severely impacted by the transformation of the afflicted, with numerous traumatic amputations being recorded and others catching fire. Those unharmed begin to flee, but are set upon by the secondary SCP-8700-2 instances. Many can be heard attempting to reason with the transformed individuals, only to be cut off by bodily assault. The few that fire upon transformed individuals are quickly dismembered. Laughter can be heard from the instances, who continue to mutate, sprouting horns, claws and tails at random.*

*A loud roar is heard echoing through the site, drawing the attention of the secondary SCP-8700-2 instances, which turn to see the primary SCP-8700-2 Henceforth termed SCP-8700-2 Alpha.  instance enter the mess hall, ducking to fit through the doorway.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** Arm yourselves, my children. It is time.

*Under the command of Cmdr. Bratt the MTF forces deploy fortifications outside SCP-8700's containment chamber, including heavy weaponry and water cannons. The doors to the containment chamber are sealed with a 4 man squad inside to operate the doors, welding them shut.* 

*SCP-8700-2 Alpha leads the secondary instances to the site armory, ripping a red panel from the wall of the restricted section labelled Project Ichneumon. It opens the cabinet and begins distributing the advanced weapons among the secondary instances.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** You four, leave this place. Hunt down the wretch and break him. Bring me his head.

*Four secondary SCP-8700-2 instances turn and head for the site cargo depot, leaving a trail of molten lava behind them.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** You defend our rear. *SCP-8700-2 Alpha gestures to multiple secondary instances, pointing back towards the mess hall.* The rest of you, my children, shall come with me.

[END LOG]

---

Leaving the covert transport vehicle parked outside the historic cemetery, Supervisor Ignatius Fiore escorts SCP-8700-A inside. SCP-8700-A is fitted with a tracking beacon and a remote activated OCHRE-grade Thaumodisruptor beneath its civilian disguise. CAS-1 Salvatore, CAS-1 Deccoco, CAS-1 Slade and CAS-1 Bean accompany them to provide additional security.

---

*SCP-8700-A approaches a corner of the cemetery by a low stone wall on the cliff top overlooking the sea. It falls to its knees, gently brushing the weeds and dirt from a small headstone. Faint Latin engraving on its surface reads "Eve [Indecipherable] 1563, Beloved and fair."*

**SCP-8700-A:** This is her.

*Supervisor Fiore approaches SCP-8700-A, placing his hand on its shoulder, holding his umbrella to shield them from the rain. The CAS-1 team observes at a short distance.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** I'm sorry it took so long. I'll give you a moment with her.

**SCP-8700-A:** Oh, Eve, I am so sorry.

*Supervisor Fiore moves to stand with the CAS-1 team. SCP-8700-A remains kneeling and begins to clean the headstone.*

**CAS-1 Slade:** Hey, Ig. Smoke?

**Supervisor Fiore:** No man, you know I quit. You have to smoke that shit around me?

**CAS-1 Bean:** I mean, kind of since you dragged us out here in all this rain.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Just going to have to deal with it, bucko.

*CAS-1 Deccoco laughs and blows a smoke ring at Supervisor Fiore. It is dispersed by the rain.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Whatever. It's fine. Sure you're not being too casual about all this?

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Don't think you're forgetting who we are, Ig? We bring down shit ten times worse than the tin can on the daily. It takes one step over that wall and we'll have it locked so deep in containment it will forget that daylight even exists.

*CAS-1 Deccoco laughs.*

**CAS-1 Bean:** What she means is that we have it under control.

**CAS-1 Slade:** Besides, he doesn't look like he's going anywhere.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I suppose. It’s just been a stressful day. I hate going into the field, especially when there's a giant fat frog squirting lava all over the place. Keep me in the office any day.

**CAS-1: Bean:** It can be a lot for people who aren't used to it.

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Bitches, you mean.

*CAS-1 Salvatore stifles a laugh.* 

**CAS-1 Bean:** Hey, that's out of order.

**Supervisor Fiore:** What the fuck, man?

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** You know I was only teasing, relax, Ig.

**Supervisor Fiore:** It's fine. I better see how our friend's going.

**CAS-1 Slade:** Freezing out here.

*Supervisor Fiore approaches SCP-8700-A. It has cleaned the headstone and graveside, and appears to be praying. It looks at Supervisor Fiore as he approaches and begins to write.*

**SCP-8700-A:** You must not allow him to speak to you in such a way.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Don't worry about it. How are you holding up?

**SCP-8700-A:** It pains my heart that she has been alone so long. She—

*Suddenly there is an extremely loud explosion behind them as a plume of lava and smoke can be seen erupting from the peak of Mt. Etna. The ground shakes, and emergency sirens can be heard sounding from neighbouring towns. The CAS-1 team exclaim and swear, turning back to face the mountain.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Oh fuck! Shit! That can't be natural, not this close after an event, fuck!

*Supervisor Fiore withdraws his radio and SCP-8700-A rises to its feet.*

**SCP-8700-A:** It cannot be.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Site-536 do you copy? What is the situation?

**CAS-1 Slade:** Not fucking good, we need to go!

*CAS-1 Slade grabs Supervisor Fiore and SCP-8700-A by their shirt collars and hurries them towards the covert containment vehicle. Bean enters the driver’s seat and starts the vehicle, while Deccoco takes the passenger seat. Salvatore is in the back, waving for Supervisor Fiore and SCP-8700-A to hurry over. SCP-8700-A hurries into the mobile containment cell while Supervisor Fiore fastens it within its restraints. CAS-1 Slade takes his position and shuts the door.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Go go go!

**CAS-1 Bean:** Everybody hold on to something!

**SCP-8700-A:** This is the work of the dragon. It must be. 

*The vehicle skids its tires in the gravel before accelerating up the road towards Site-536. Supervisor Fiore continues attempting to establish communication with the site.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** I say again, this is 8700-A supervisory team, calling Site-536, Site-536 respond, over!

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Is it another event?

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** We have to assume it is. Keep trying them, Ig. Weapons ready CAS team!

**CAS-1 Slade:** The tin can secure? Put your damn seatbelt on, Sean.

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes.

**CAS-1 Bean:** Little busy at the moment!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** 8700-A is secure, just keep those eyes open for hostiles!

**CAS-1 Slade:** Yes ma'am.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Site-536 I repeat, this is 8700-A supervisory team, do you hear me?

*The radio emits static and sounds of gunfire and roaring can be heard.*

**Cmdr. Bratt:** *<static>* Back here NOW! *<static>* Under attack by *<static>* —ces, taken position *<static>* Tertiary defence zone. Distress signal cannot be *<static>* Need suppor— 

*A loud roaring sound is heard over the radio, followed by an explosion. Gunfire and yelling voices can be heard for a few seconds before the signal is lost completely.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Oh Jesus, oh fuck what's happening up there?

**SCP-8700-A:** Release me, I will aid in the defence of the sword.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Get your shit together, Ig, we're under attack and they need our help. Step on it Sean!

*CAS-1 Bean drives the supervisory team toward Site-536's transit bay at speed.*

**CAS-1 Slade:** Put these on, kid, and get ready to use your sidearm if you need to!

*CAS-1 Slade passes Supervisor Fiore a ballistic vest and helmet, who clumsily dons the equipment.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Right, thanks

**CAS-1 Slade:** Stay low, move fast, do as you're told and use 8700-A as cover. We'll keep you safe, don't you worry.

 

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Yeah, you got the big dogs looking out for you now, Fiore. You're probably the safest you ever been.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Amen Dom. Everyone be ready to move fast. Release 8700-A's shackles now Ig. We might not have time later.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Okay.

**CAS-1 Bean:** What is that?

*Supervisor Fiore reaches for the remote containment device as the vehicle rounds a corner to make the final approach to Site-536's transit bay. The site entrance is within view through the rain with the doors open wide. Halfway between the vehicle and the transit bay are four large humanoid entities with glowing yellow eyes, dripping molten lava from the gaps in their torn clothing. They are armed and moving downhill towards the supervisory team. The largest entity is holding a forklift over its head.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** What's happening?

**CAS-1 Bean:** Are those Foundation uniforms?

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Is that a fucking forklift!?

*The armed entities open fire upon the vehicle. CAS-1 Deccoco opens fire through his open window. Multiple bullets strike the closest entity, staggering it and leaving large puncture wounds that spill more molten lava onto the ground. The humanoid holding the forklift throws the vehicle at the Supervisory team.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Sean, watch out!

**CAS-1 Bean:** Hold on! 

**CAS-1 Slade:** Shit.

*The forklift impacts the transport with great force, causing the airbags to deploy and the containment release to be flung from Supervisor Fiore's hands. All present can be heard crying out amongst tremendous noise as the vehicle slams into one of the anomalous humanoids, pinning it between the vehicle and the ground as the wreck comes to a stop. One of the forklift's tynes has pierced the windshield of the transport and impaled CAS-1 Bean through the chest. He turns to look at the passengers before gasping and slumping in his seat.*

*Gunfire can be heard impacting the vehicle from outside, and a fire breaks out from the pinned entity's body before entering through CAS-1 Deccoco's open window. Sizzling bolts of Ichneumon class lancer fire exacerbate this as they slam into the vehicle's armor plating.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Sean! No!

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Multiple 8700-2 instances! Multiple instances! Elena hurry up, get them out of here!

*CAS-1 Deccoco continues to fire at the hostiles through his window. Supervisor Fiore is cradling his head and hunched in the back seat. CAS-1 Salvatore shakes him by the shoulders as CAS-1 Slade rips his helmet off, dropping it onto the floor of the vehicle in two broken fragments.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Get up Ig, get up! We're taking cover behind the car, and we're getting inside, move out Roy's door, now! Go!

**SCP-8700-A:** Get to safety, I shall extract myself. Send these foul beasts to their doom.

*CAS-1 Slade slides his door open and exits the vehicle, laying down suppressive fire as he does so. CAS-1 Deccoco also lays down suppressing fire through his window as Supervisor Fiore and CAS-1 Salvatore follow CAS-1 Slade out of the vehicle. CAS-1 Deccoco follows shortly after as the vehicle is engulfed in flames.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** What about 8700-A?

**CAS-1 Slade:** Don't worry about that now. It said it's fine. Get your gun out and get down!

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Focus on that tall piece of shit at 3 o'clock, it’s got a lancer!

**CAS-1 Slade:** On it, Salvatore cover us!

*The CAS-1 team lays down a line of fire, using the burning vehicle as cover. Supervisor Fiore huddles at their feet with his pistol drawn. The SCP-8700-2 entity wielding the Ichneumon class lancer attempts to fire on CAS-1 Deccoco, but is hit multiple times by CAS-1 Salvatore's suppressing fire. CAS-1 Deccoco simultaneously concentrates fire on the entity, causing it to stagger to its knees and molten lava to burst out of its chest cavity before violently combusting. The closest SCP-8700-2 entity is thrown to the ground by the explosion, its left arm being traumatically amputated in the process. The third entity roars and emits a blast of flame at the supervisory team, further engulfing the wrecked vehicle and pinned SCP-8700-2 instance.*

**CAS-1 Slade:** Get back, it can't hold much longer!

**Supervisor Fiore:** Oh fuck, shit, Oh fuck!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Move, Ig!

*CAS-1 Salvatore grabs Supervisor Fiore by the collar and rapidly moves away from the burning wreck as CAS-1 Deccoco and CAS-1 Slade lay down suppressing fire, hitting the SCP-8700-2 instance numerous times. The forklift's rear quarters then explode violently, causing the pinned SCP-8700-2 instance to also detonate, shifting the wreckage and exposing the supervisory team to incoming fire. CAS-1 Slade is hit in the left arm and chest by a blast of fire emitted from the entity's mouth, but is able to dive into cover quickly. Thumping noises can be heard emanating from within the transport vehicle.*

*CAS-1 Deccoco and CAS-1 Salvatore both fire upon the standing SCP-8700-2 instance, perforating it with numerous bullets and causing it to detonate as it collapses to the ground while Supervisor Fiore rapidly smothers the flames on CAS-1 Slade's clothing with his jacket.*

*Before they can react, the downed SCP-8700-2 instance opens fire on the supervisory team. While they are not hit, they are forced into cover within a ditch on the side of the road. The SCP-8700-2 instance approaches the team, molten lava pouring from its wounds, but pauses and looks towards the flaming wreckage as SCP-8700-A partially emerges through its rear panel. The SCP-8700-2 instance roars and redirects its fire at SCP-8700-A.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Over here! We're here!

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Shut the fuck up and move!

*CAS-1 Deccoco and CAS-1 Slade grab Supervisor Fiore under his arms and haul him back into cover behind the burning vehicle, while CAS-1 Salvatore lays down suppressing fire. The SCP-8700-2 entity roars once again and attempt to return fire. SCP-8700-A manages to pull itself free of the wreckage before turning and thrusting its arms back into the burning vehicle and retrieving a sheared off axle. Ignoring the incoming fire from the SCP-8700-2 instance, SCP-8700-A throws the broken axle at the entity, impaling it through the neck and chest, causing it to combust.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Disgusting wretch.

**CAS-1 Slade:** Fucking hell.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Sean...

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** What the fuck is this, why are there multiple 8700-2's out here? What the fuck is going on?

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** We'll figure it out later, right now we need to get Guts here between these fucking things and 8700.

**Supervisor Fiore:** How? Those things just killed Sean! Even if we make it there's no way we get there in time!

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Shut the fuck up.

*SCP-8700-A approaches the supervisory team, ripping the flaming debris and clothing from itself. It places a hand on Supervisor Fiore's shoulder before pounding its chest with its free hand.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Take heart, Ignatius. This is a time where you must be brave. I am with you.

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** I don't like the fucking thing but the tin can's right, Fiore. We got no choice.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Let's go, you can do this, Ig. Do it so Sean didn't die for nothing.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Alright. I'm in. I'll get him there.

**CAS-1 Slade:** *<Handing the Ichneumon class lancer to Supervisor Fiore>* Take this and stay close to me alright kid? You're going to make it through this in one piece so long as there ain't no more forklifts for them to toss at us.

*SCP-8700-A points at the transit bay, making a rolling hand gesture to the supervisory squad.*

**SCP-8700-A:** We cannot delay.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Agreed, hurry up and get moving! 8700-A take point and cover us!

*The surviving supervisory team members move rapidly uphill towards the transit bay, taking cover behind SCP-8700-A as they go, leaving the burning wreckage behind them.*

[END LOG]

---

At the Tertiary Defence Zone Cmdr. Bratt has completed fortifying the area and has MTF agents flooding the kill zone with water cannons in anticipation of an assault by Director Eddings and the secondary SCP-8700-2 instances. A total of 28 MTF and Site-536 personnel man the defences, with many of them wounded from the prior Excalibur Event.

---

*SCP-8700-2 Alpha enters the kill zone, holding a large slab of defensive plating ripped from a wall as a shield for itself. Steam billows from its body as it makes contact with the water, obscuring its form other than its luminescent gold eyes. It has mutated further, now displaying a pair of rudimentary wings and measuring approximately 4 metres tall. Dozens of secondary SCP-8700-2 instances rush into the kill zone ahead of it, opening fire with both conventional and Ichneumon class weaponry. A fire-fight erupts, with both sides sustaining early losses.*

*SCP-8700-2 Alpha provides support to the secondary instances by firing streams of molten lava at the defensive positions and taunting the defenders verbally. Despite this, the defences remain strong and the MTF units are able to terminate multiple secondary instances in rapid succession.*

*Elsewhere in the site, secondary SCP-8700-2 instances standing guard can be seen engaging in acts of cannibalism. Others are seen hunting down surviving site staff as they flee to emergency shelters or hoarding valuable items on their person. Site security guard Max Kazimir is seen to neutralise a SCP-8700-2 instance in defence of a group of 36 site staff members, but is captured and subjected to torture by two other instances before being killed. The instances then proceed to attempt to gain entry into Emergency Shelter 19-B in pursuit of the staff, but are unsuccessful.*

[END LOG]

---

The supervisory team enters Site-536's transit bay with SCP-8700-A. Klaxons are blaring, bathing the area in orange light. A trail of solidified lava leads further into the site through an open door past the parked Foundation transport vehicles. CAS-1 Deccoco leads, using SCP-8700-A as mobile cover, and is followed by CAS-1 Salvatore, Supervisor Fiore and CAS-1 Slade bringing up the rear. Supervisor Fiore grabs a broom from a shelf as they pass and CAS-1 Salvatore closes the exterior doors.

---

**CAS-1 Slade:** What's that for?

**Supervisor Fiore:** So I can keep them at a distance.

**CAS-1 Slade:** You got strange priorities, Ig.

**SCP-8700-A:** You would be better served by your firearm.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Quiet! Entering the corridor now.

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Taking point. Stay in front of me, tin man.

*CAS-1 Deccoco enters the corridor through the open door, using SCP-8700-A as cover, followed by the rest of the team. The corridor is empty save for a number of snakes on the ground.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Ignore them, Dom. Don't give our presence away.

**CAS-1 Slade:** If 8700-A clanking about hasn't already.

**Supervisor Fiore:** He's not that loud.

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** So it's "he" now? Not very professional, Ig.

**SCP-8700-A:** I am a man.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Suck my an—

*Deep pitched laughter is heard from around the corner along with banging and scratching sounds. CAS-1 Deccoco uses his phone camera to peer around the corner, sighting a group of three SCP-8700-2 secondary instances attempting to burrow through an emergency shelter door further down the corridor. They are more mutated than previous instances, all standing above 2 metres in height with numerous mutations present on their bodies.*

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Contact, three hostiles, I can't see friendlies but it’s hard to tell.

**CAS-1 Slade:** We'll have to blitz ‘em.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** I'd rather not risk friendlies. Still, don't see much other choice.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Wait, 8700-A could get them out of the way couldn't it? Then you could see if there's people.

**CAS-1 Slade:** Nice thinking, kid.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Can you do that, 8700-A?

*SCP-8700-A nods, gesturing impatiently for Supervisor Fiore to pass it the broom. He does.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Should it not endanger our brethren, I might hold them still enough for you to use your holy hand grenade to smite our foes.

**Supervisor Fiore:** It's just called a hand grenade 8700-A... God, I wanted to be in a position to laugh when that came up.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Alright, do it. Deccoco, you're first through, then me and Ig, Slade, you cover the rear. Go!

*SCP-8700-A charges around the corner with a loud yell, sprinting down the hallway and violently tackling two of the SCP-8700-2 instances to the ground. CAS-1 Deccoco follows and lays down a line of fire directed at the third entity, which is standing over a wounded Dr. Jennifer Ward, who is attempting to reach the emergency shelter. One SCP-8700-2 instance frees itself from SCP-8700-A's grasp and attempts to attack CAS-1 Deccoco but is intercepted by more fire from CAS-1 Salvatore and Supervisor Fiore.*

*SCP-8700-A continuously pummels the downed SCP-8700-2 instance with its fists before grabbing the broom from the ground and bludgeoning the instance to death with it, shielding the Supervisory team and Dr. Ward from the resultant detonation with its body before moving to engage the remaining entities. CAS-1 Deccoco smashes the closest SCP-8700-2 instance in its face with the butt of his weapon before firing a long burst into the back of its neck, causing a shower of blood and molten lava to spray into the air and onto his face.*

*The supervisory team retreats around the corner into the transit bay to avoid the detonation. In the transit bay a fourth SCP-8700-2 entity has emerged from a utility bay and is approaching the team from behind.*

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Roy, behind you!

**CAS-1 Slade:** Wha—

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** ROY NO!

*CAS-1 Slade is impaled from behind by the SCP-8700-2 instance, its hand emerging from the centre of his chest in a shower of blood. The entity begins biting at CAS-1 Slade's neck and consuming his flesh. CAS-1 Slade attempts to vocalise but can only gurgle and choke, drawing his combat knife and stabbing the entity twice before succumbing to his injuries as he combusts from his proximity to the SCP-8700-2 instance. CAS-1 Salvatore, CAS-1 Deccoco and Supervisor Fiore all open fire on the entity, rapidly neutralising it as the third instance rounds the corner only to be restrained by SCP-8700-A.*

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Kill the fucking thing, Ig.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Roy you poor man.

*SCP-8700-A holds the SCP-8700-2 instance still as Supervisor Fiore opens fire on it. SCP-8700-A redirects it against the wall to limit the damage of its combustion, before moving to escort Dr. Ward to the emergency shelter.*

**SCP-8700-A** We must make haste.

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Shut the fuck up you tin can piece of shit! *<CAS-1 Deccoco wipes blood from his mouth and spits on the ground. His skin is red and flushed.>* We just lost friends because of you! Because of fucking Eddings breaking the god damn rules and letting you out on a fucking day trip!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Dominic, come on.

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** No you shut the fuck up too! I'm sick of this shit!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Don't talk to me like that, this isn't like you.

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** I said SHUT UP! *<CAS-1 Deccoco's eyes have become bloodshot, with his irises turning yellow.>*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Hey man, come on, we just need to—

**CAS-1 Deccoco:** Do what bitch!? You're too chickenshit to do anything but sit behind a desk and now you wanna be big man? *<CAS-1 Deccoco aims his weapon at Supervisor Fiore.>* You get yourself a magic fucking gun and now you're the boss? Fuck you.

*CAS-1 Salvatore rapidly disarms CAS-1 Deccoco and throws him to the ground, pinning him there.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Dominic, that is enough!

*CAS-1 Deccoco grabs CAS-1 Salvatore by the wrists and strains against her, overpowering and flipping her. He straddles CAS-1 Salvatore and begins shaking her violently, slamming her head into the ground repeatedly. Smoke emerges from his mouth and beneath his clothing as ichthyosis rapidly forms across his face.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Please no, not you Dom...

*CAS-1 Deccoco screams incoherently and snaps CAS-1 Salvatore's wrist, causing an open fracture. CAS-1 Salvatore screams in pain, and Supervisor Fiore fires on CAS-1 Deccoco, striking his flank with the Ichneumon class lancer. CAS-1 Deccoco roars and begins to stand, raising his weapon towards Supervisor Fiore before being shot numerous times in the torso by CAS-1 Salvatore. Molten lava pours from his wounds onto CAS-1 Salvatore's leg, burning her severely as she rolls away. Supervisor Fiore helps her to her feet as they sprint for the corridor. CAS-1 Deccoco's body detonates as SCP-8700-A enters the room. The emergency shelter can be seen opening behind it.*

**SCP-8700-A:** What happened?

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** That wasn't him.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I know.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** It wasn't him. It wasn't him.

*Supervisor Fiore and SCP-8700-A escort CAS-1 Salvatore to the emergency shelter. There are 27 Foundation staff visible, and a field hospital has been erected within the shelter. Dr. Ward is being treated for her wounds within the hospital section. No combat trained staff can be seen within the shelter. The survivors within can be heard discussing what has happened as they pass.*

**Dr. Greddock:** Put her down here! Quickly!

*SCP-8700-A lifts CAS-1 Salvatore up and places her into a triage bed. Supervisor Fiore follows.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Will she be okay?

**Dr. Greddock:** She'll have to be, just get that monstrosity out of my hospital.

**SCP-8700-A:** We must make haste.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I don't understand. What's going on?

**Dr. Greddock:** I don't know, some kind of infection, Bratt's taken the MTFs to the tertiary defence zone and put out a distress call to all nearby sites, but no idea when help will get here. There's a lot more of those fucking things out there.

**Junior Researcher Darling:** Dr. Cassandra said that 8700-1 wasn't stopping after the event. She thought it was still underway, and now look what happened! The AIC's destroyed and we're fucked!

**Dr. Greddock:** Shut up and settle down, that's not helping.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Go, Ig. Get 8700-A to the sword. Don't let this get worse.

**Supervisor Fiore:** But—

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** NOW! Someone has to get him to that sword before Bratt's overrun, and you're the only one able to move that has clearance!

*Supervisor Fiore hesitates before sighing heavily and nodding. SCP-8700-A is standing by the door making impatient gestures.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** I will, Elena. This won't have been for nothing.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Keep him safe, 8700-A. Now take these and get going, hurry! I'll keep in contact with you, just go!

*CAS-1 Salvatore passes supervisor Fiore her grenade belt and radio before shoving him towards the exit. SCP-8700-A grabs his arm and pulls him out into the hallway as the door slides shut behind them. They hurry through the corridor, dodging snakes and lizards crawling through the site as they go. Distant gunfire can be heard further within the site, and clouds of gas waft through the air.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Jesus Christ, this can't be happening, what the fuck...

**SCP-8700-A:** Blasphemy is a sin.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I'll fucking worry about that later alright? I just had to shoot my friend!

**SCP-8700-A:** It was no longer your friend. Take heart.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I'm so sorry Elena, I know—

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** [Via radio] Shut the fuck up Ig. I'm not talking about that. Just get to the damn sword.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Sorry.

*Supervisor Fiore and SCP-8700-A round a bend as they approach the mess hall. There are dead bodies, rubble and small fires strewn about the hall, along with seven SCP-8700-2 instances guarding the hallway, with one of them feeding on the corpse of Containment Supervisor Ferruccio Cipollone. They turn to look at Supervisor Fiore and SCP-8700-A for a moment, brandishing weapons and roaring. SCP-8700-A hurriedly retrieves a fire axe from a wall cabinet as it advances on the entities.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Get behind me.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Oh FUCK.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** What is it?

**Supervisor Fiore:** There's seven of the fucking things between us and the mess hall.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Throw a grenade then hang back and let 8700-A handle them. Cover it when you have clear shots and keep your head down.

*SCP-8700-A and the SCP-8700-2 instances charge towards one another, brandishing their weapons. The SCP-8700-2 instances roar and laugh as they approach, jostling for position in the narrow corridor and firing their weapons. Bullets ricochet from SCP-8700-A as it charges. Supervisor Fiore tosses a hand grenade over SCP-8700-A's head, past the crowd of SCP-8700-2 instances before ducking down and rapidly moving backwards, hyperventilating. SCP-8700-A shoves the lead instance back with the haft of the fire axe as the grenade explodes, followed by a howl and a second detonation as an SCP-8700-2 entity in the rear is terminated.*

*SCP-8700-A knocks an Ichneumon class lancer from the hands of an SCP-8700-2 instance before terminating a second with three blows from its axe, lodging it in the entity's head and kicking its body back towards the others where it detonates. The disarmed instance tackles SCP-8700-A into the wall, damaging it, as another SCP-8700-2 instance runs towards Supervisor Fiore. SCP-8700-A kicks out at the entity's knee, causing it to collapse to the ground as another instance fires on SCP-8700-A with an Ichneumon class lancer. SCP-8700-A reels back and lets out a pained grunt, going limp for a moment before attempting to fight back, drawing a combat knife from a sheath on the chest rig of one of the SCP-8700-2 instances and repeatedly stabbing the entity, pinning it against the wall in the face.* 

**Supervisor Fiore:** Not you too...

*Supervisor Fiore opens fire upon the SCP-8700-2 entities with his Ichneumon class lancer, causing them to stagger back from SCP-8700-A. The entities roar and scream, but press on with their attack. Though staggered, SCP-8700-A capitalises on the opportunity, kneeing one instance in the jaw before retrieving the mostly melted combat knife and embedding it into another instance's throat, flinging a third instance towards Supervisor Fiore as it attempts to reload its weapon. The entity raises itself from the ground before breathing a jet of flame at SCP-8700-A. Supervisor Fiore retreats further and fires upon it numerous times, causing it to detonate. SCP-8700-A is able to use the distraction to crush another instance's head against the wall with its fist, causing another detonation.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Courage, Ignatius, We have them.

*The three remaining SCP-8700-2 instances rush towards SCP-8700-A, firing streams of molten lava from their mouths and eyes. Supervisor Fiore continues to fire the Ichneumon class lancer at the entities, disarming one of them. SCP-8700-A is tackled and slammed into the floor, cracking the cement. The instance straddles SCP-8700-A and rains punches upon it, with deflected blows sinking wrist deep into the concrete floor. A second instance is kicked back into the mess hall as the third rushes Supervisor Fiore, only be driven back by lancer fire. SCP-8700-A grabs the SCP-8700-2 entity on top of it and gouges at its eyes, driving it back, before grabbing a discarded assault rifle and bludgeoning the entity to death. Its detonation knocks SCP-8700-A and the SCP-8700-2 instance to the ground, while Supervisor Fiore fires upon the entity approaching from the mess hall. SCP-8700-A pounces upon the downed SCP-8700-2 instance and repeatedly bludgeons it with its fists, pausing to retrieve a discarded firearm and throw it at the advancing entity, knocking it down.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Oh Francis...

**SCP-8700-A:** That is no longer Francis, it is an abomination wearing his flesh.

*Getting to its feet, SCP-8700-A repeatedly stomps the SCP-8700-2 entity's head with its foot, before rushing into the mess hall towards the last SCP-8700-2 instance as the previous entity detonates, leaving the hallway ruined and full of rubble. Supervisor Fiore follows SCP-8700-A into the mess hall before firing upon the entity with his lancer. SCP-8700-A rushes the entity and impales it through the chest with its fist before flinging it across the room towards a toppled drink dispenser cart where it detonates. Supervisor Fiore stares back at the hallway from which they came, while SCP-8700-A approaches the mess hall emergency shelter, dripping with blood.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Open the gate. It is safe now.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I knew him.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** What? Who? Ig are you alright? Ignatius?

**Supervisor Fiore:** Stephens... The guard I just shot. I knew him. Liked him.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** I... Like Dom... You... Ig I need you need to stay on task. You need to keep moving. What's 8700-A doing?

**Supervisor Fiore:** I don't know. Writing something I think.

**SCP-8700-A:** Why do you not answer? Can you not hear me?

*SCP-8700-A is using the SCP-8700-2 entity's blood to write a message on the floor within view of the emergency shelters camera system. It reads "I need a weapon."*

**Supervisor Fiore:** It's asking for a weapon. From the shelter.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Go see if there’s anyone inside. Send them back here where it’s safer.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Right, yes. Okay.

*Supervisor Fiore approaches the emergency shelter, standing beside SCP-8700-A. The door has remained closed and is heavily burnt and scratched.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Hello? Are there any survivors inside?

*The intercom activates.*

**Research Assistant Hopper:** Is it safe? We barely made it in here. The monsters, they were going to get in and we had to shut the door, we had no choice. Is that thing with you?

**Supervisor Fiore:** Slow down, It’s alright. They’re gone now. We need to get you out of there. The shelter at the transit bay is safer for you right now.

*SCP-8700-A nudges Supervisor Fiore and points to its message on the ground.*

**SCP-8700-A:** They will not heed my words.

**Supervisor Fiore:** And weapons. We need weapons. Any help you can give us.

**Research Assistant Hopper:** Do you have medicine? We're hurt bad here. We need help.

**Supervisor Fiore:** No, but the transit bay shelter has set up a field hospital. The path there is clear. We really need to hurry here, Hopper.

**Research Assistant Hopper:** Alright. We're coming out. Charlie, get Dr Triandafelidis ready to move, will you?

*The emergency shelter door hisses, and slides open. Inside there are six survivors: Research assistant Mike Hopper, custodian Valeria Lunerti, Dr. Manuel Triandafelidis, kitchen assistant Charlie Bullock, research assistant Monica Ventruella and containment engineer John Lewis. Most are wounded, particularly Dr. Triandafelidis. They are all armed.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** We have medicine and medical staff. Come to us as fast as you can.

**Research Assistant Hopper:** You're sure that thing is safe? It's not like them?

**SCP-8700-A:** I am *nothing* like them.

**Valeria Lunerti:** I'll get them to the shelter. You've cleared the way?

*SCP-8700-A nods and accepts the halligan bar A forcible entry tool utilised by fire fighters.  offered by Lunerti.*

**Dr. Triandafelidis:** You need to hurry. Commander Bratt took everyone to the tertiary defence zone. I don't know how long they'll last without help.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Bratt has put out a distress signal, but we don't know when help will arrive. You need to go, please.

**SCP-8700-A:** You cannot delay, we must reach the sword before the dragon's children do.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Good work everyone, let’s go.

*Research assistant Hopper helps Dr. Triandafelidis out of the shelter. The survivors evacuate the area, headed for the transport bay shelter. Supervisor Fiore sits heavily on a chair, running his hands through his hair and hyperventilating as soon as they are out of sight.*

**SCP-8700-A:** What are you doing? We cannot delay. I must retrieve my blade and destroy the dragon's child.

**Supervisor Fiore:** He was my friend, 8700-A. I just shot two of my friends.

**SCP-8700-A:** They were no longer your friends. It was the wyrm that killed them. Not you.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Well their blood's still on my fucking hands isn't it!? First Dom and then Francis! I'm not strong enough for this!

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes you are. It is not the might of one's arm that is of value. It is your heart. *<SCP-8700-A taps its finger on Supervisor Fiore's chest.>* In the court of the dragon you will know your worth. I believe that worth is great indeed. Perhaps greater than you know.

**Supervisor Fiore:** But how do I live with myself after? *<Supervisor Fiore stares at his hands.>* I've never shot anyone before. I never wanted to, and now everything's different. I'm different. I'm not me anymore.

**SCP-8700-A:** Only the weak believe that what they do in battle is who they are as men. It is not who you are.

*Supervisor Fiore wipes his eyes and looks up at SCP-8700-A.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Really?

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes. And with each passing day that burden will ease as you realise this. Come.

*SCP-8700-A offers its hand to Supervisor Fiore. It is charred, blackened with soot and blood soaked. Supervisor Fiore takes the hand and is helped up. The pair then hurry towards the armory.*

[END LOG]

---

At the Tertiary Defence Zone multiple water cannons and artillery weapons have been disabled by the SCP-8700-2 instances. The kill zone has suffered extreme damage from the multiple detonations caused by the instance's termination, but they continue to storm into the area. SCP-8700-2 Alpha has undergone further mutation, now standing seven metres tall at the shoulder, adopting a hunched, crocodilian posture and firing high pressure streams of molten lava at the defences. 22 personnel remain in fighting condition as they continue to defend the tertiary defence zone under Cmdr. Bratt's leadership.

---

**Cmdr. Bratt:** Margheriti, run this to the east flank, they need support!

**Cpl. Margheriti:** Got it!

*Cpl. Margheriti takes the Ichneumon class heavy lancer and sprints through the transport trench towards the east flank. The air is filled with small arms fire, lancer fire and bursts of flame as the battle continues above. Cpl. Margheriti emerges at the east flank command post in time to see a large chunk of structural concrete slam into a howitzer station, with an SCP-8700-2 instance immediately attempting to enter through the damaged section and being knocked back by lancer fire. Cpl. Margheriti runs to the gunner's tower, climbing the ladder and emerging on the top.*

**Cpl. Margheriti:** Sgt. Susta, I've been sent to support you, don't shoot me!

*Cpl. Margheriti moves to take position, but hesitates as Sgt. Susta drops her weapon and clutches her head. SCP-8700-2 Alpha can be seen below staring at the Sgt. and speaking rapidly, but is unable to be heard from this distance. Sgt. Susta falls to her knees as her eyes begin to emit a golden glow and large horns rapidly emerge from the sides of her head as she falls from the tower into the east flank defensive line.*

**Cpl. Margheriti:** Oh, Jesus no.

*Cpl. Margheriti opens fire into the masses of SCP-8700-2 entities, terminating many of them as they place their bodies between the corporal's fire and the primary entity. The sound of gunfire from below grows quieter before Cpl. Margheriti looks down to investigate, where several MTF combatants can be seen undergoing the same process as Sgt. Susta. The sergeant can be seen below completing its transformation into an SCP-8700-2 entity and launching an attack on those around her. Cpl. Margheriti seals the entry hatch to the gunner's tower and opens fire on the affected individuals.*

*The newly formed SCP-8700-2 instances spread within the east flank, forcing it to be abandoned by Cmdr. Bratt. It is flooded with water cannons and redesignated a hostile zone. With increasing numbers of SCP-8700-2 instances pressing their attack, the primary instance directs more of those equipped with Ichneumon class lancers back towards the armory, before launching an attack via the now fallen east flank.*

*Cpl. Margheriti throws his last grenade into the masses of SCP-8700-2 entities and fires indiscriminately at the crowd below. SCP-8700-2 Alpha can be seen leading an attack on the western flank, throwing a destroyed howitzer at the western gun tower. Cpl. Margheriti fires upon the instance, but is interrupted as an SCP-8700-2 instance claws its way through the gun tower access panel, grabbing his leg. He fires upon the entity, terminating it and attempting to kick its body loose from the tower. He is unsuccessful.*

**Cpl. Margheriti:** *Figlio di puttana*...

*The detonation of the SCP-8700-2 instance's body destroys the eastern gun tower, leaving the entire eastern flank overrun. SCP-8700-2 Alpha roars and emits a high pressure jet of molten lava at the western flank's defences before multiple MTF combatants eyes begin to glow yellow and numerous SCP-8700-2 instances begin to scale the walls.*

[END LOG]

---

Supervisor Fiore and SCP-8700-A make their way over the bridge spanning the chasm between the modern and historic portions of Site-536. They take cover behind a partially destroyed defensive position as they approach the battlements of the historic site, having spotted a pair of SCP-8700-2 entities equipped with Ichneumon class weaponry manning them. The cavern lighting system has been damaged, plunging the space into darkness. SCP-8700-A nudges multiple snakes over the edge of the bridge with its feet as they approach Supervisor Fiore. The sounds of the battle in the tertiary defence zone echo towards them.

---

**Supervisor Fiore:** You don't need to hurt them all, just get the venomous ones out of the way.

**SCP-8700-A:** I care not. Things that crawl on their bellies are the image of the wyrm and its servants.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I have leg guards on, it's fine.

**SCP-8700-A:** You have kindness in your heart. You must steel it for the battle to come.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I know, I know. Give me a second to line up a shot alright? I'm checking the distance from here to the towers.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Use the rangefinder in the sight. It'll turn green when you have a clean shot.

**SCP-8700-A:** Battlements. Not towers.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Whatever, I'm doing it. I'm just saying, I've done alright so far. You said so yourself. Never underestimate a Sicilian when death is on the line, you know?

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Nerd.

**SCP-8700-A:** That play is sinful and nonsensical, you should not take lessons from it.

**Supervisor Fiore:** They're called films, not plays. 

**SCP-8700-A:** I care not. Enough bravado, you are adequately prepared.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Deccoco said it could help, but I don't think it does. Even though they're not who they used to be, it still doesn't feel right to shoot them.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** That worked for him, not you, Ig. Just get through this, and if you're really that fucked up afterwards you can get amnesticised later.

**SCP-8700-A:** You must. Time escapes us. I cannot protect you if they use their sorcery on me.

*SCP-8700-A gestures to the Ichneumon class lancer in Supervisor Fiore's hands. There is a series of three loud cracking and sizzling sounds as Fiore fires the weapon, hitting the SCP-8700-2 entity manning the east battlement. It cries out as it falls into the chasm below, before detonating as it impacts the ground. The second SCP-8700-2 instance roars and opens fire on their position.*

**SCP-8700-A:** A fine hit. Force it to cower, I shall advance.

**Supervisor Fiore:** *<nodding and wiping his eyes.>* Just like we planned.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Just breathe, Ig. Breathe and spray at the tower.

*Supervisor Fiore nods and raises the weapon out of cover, laying down a line of fire at the battlements and forcing the SCP-8700-2 instance into cover. SCP-8700-A begins to sprint down the bridge, taking cover as Fiore calls out his reloads. This continues until SCP-8700-A enters the gatehouse. Supervisor Fiore continues to fire at the battlement until the SCP-8700-2 instance cries out loudly before a detonation is heard. SCP-8700-A clangs its now partially melted halligan bar against itself, making a loud banging sound.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** That the signal? Move up, Ig.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I am. I think 8700-A took its head off.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Just remember you're in control here, Ig. If it threatens you, tries to leave, anything other than helps you, hit that button. It's not your friend.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I know, I know.

*SCP-8700-A meets Supervisor Fiore at the gatehouse. No SCP-8700-2 entities are present, allowing them to press onward towards the armory.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Are you harmed?

**Supervisor Fiore:** I'm alright. Were you hit?

**SCP-8700-A:** No, but I am experiencing a degree of weakness still from earlier. The sorcery in those weapons is fell indeed. We must avoid it.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Yeah, they're— Oh shit what the fuck!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** What is it? Ig, what's happening?

*As they enter the ransacked armory mounds of corpses can be seen piled along the walls, showing signs of torture and execution. Supervisor Fiore gags before bending over double and vomiting on the floor. A large komodo dragon (*Varanus komodoensis*) emerges from a cabinet, making its way towards a mound and seizing the leg of an unidentified researcher in its jaws, tugging on it.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Monstrous. I shall slay the beast.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Oh god. It's a massacre, Elena... Piles of bodies everywhere, burned up. Fucking hell, it smells like pork. There’s a lizard the size of my car here.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** So fucking hold your breath and shoot it. Get a gas mask on and hurry up. Don't think about it, just do!

*As SCP-8700-A moves to stab the lizard, a deep rumble is heard within the mound of bodies. A large mass underneath moves violently, pulling the unidentified body and komodo dragon away from SCP-8700-A and dislodging the bodies resting atop it, revealing the mass to be an estuarine crocodile (*Crocodylus porosus*). The komodo dragon briefly attempts to drag the body away from the larger animal, but quickly relents and is grabbed by SCP-8700-A, who tosses the lizard across the room, causing it to flee towards the guardhouse and out of sight. SCP-8700-A then proceeds to impale the crocodile through the head with the halligan tool.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** FUCK!

**SCP-8700-A:** Come. It is safe.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** What is it? Ig, you need to talk to me, tell me what’s happening.

**Supervisor Fiore:** There was a fucking crocodile. That hasn't happened since 2012, what the fuck?

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** You have a gun Ig, you're more dangerous than any animal. Get armed up and get the tin can to the sword. Do what what's his name does, show me you're not left handed.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I am though.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** What?

**Supervisor Fiore:** I am left handed, though.

**CAS-1 Salvatore.** Whatever. Just grab the rheinmetall and some class-A armor. It's the best shit we got for resisting heat and impact.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Rain what?

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Rheinmetall. It’s a grenade launcher. Next to the sniper rifles.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Alright. I see it.

*Supervisor Fiore follows SCP-8700-A into the armory, retrieving a set of Class-A heat resistant body armor, respirator and grenade launcher as they move. Fiore equips the armor plates before continuing on.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** SCP-8700-A1 will be in the locker at the end of the corridor. I'll scan my ID and we'll go meet up with Commander Bratt.

*SCP-8700-A nods before heading around the corner, and is immediately hit with multiple large calibre rounds. It ducks back around the corner as Ichneumon class lancer fire burns through the air, narrowly missing it.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Two of them. They have a sorcerous weapon *<SCP-8700-A sighs>*. Deploy a holy hand grenade at them so I might advance.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I'm not hit, I'm ok.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Good. Keep low, let the tin can do the work. You toss a grenade and hang back.

*Supervisor Fiore tosses a grenade around the corner and the SCP-8700-2 instances can be heard yelling in alarm before it detonates. SCP-8700-A charges around the corner, screaming, as Fiore covers it from behind. Both SCP-8700-2 instances have been knocked to the ground by the grenade, with one having lost its legs and the other an arm. SCP-8700-A impales the remnants of the halligan bar into one instance's head before turning and disarming the second as the first instance detonates.*

**SCP-8700-A:** See how they crumble before us, my friend? You are more capable than you believed.

**Supervisor Fiore:** I guess s—

**SCP-8700-A:** NO!

*Supervisor Fiore cries out in pain as he is suddenly struck from behind with great force, shattering the central plate of his armor unit, and thrown into a shelving unit by a previously unnoticed SCP-8700-2 instance, causing him to drop his weaponry. The entity is covered in blood and scraps of flesh hanging from its teeth, brandishing a set of long talons at Fiore as it approaches him. It raises an arm and slashes at Fiore, but is interrupted by a sudden and  prolonged burst of gunfire ripping through its body as SCP-8700-A advances upon it, holding a smoking LMG in its hand.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Unhand him you foul beast!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Ig!? Fiore, what's happening!? Ignatius, respond! What's happening!?

*Supervisor Fiore covers his head with his arms and cries out as SCP-8700-A charges the SCP-8700-2 entity, leaping over debris and tackling the entity away from Fiore. The SCP-8700-2 entity roars and fires a blast of molten lava into SCP-8700-A's torso and head, splashing the surrounding room and Fiore, who is protected by his armor. SCP-8700-A proceeds to bludgeon the entity to death before diving over Fiore as it detonates.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Ig! Ig, answer me! Please respond, please!

**Supervisor Fiore:** I'm burning! Fuck! Oh god, it’s on me! It's hot!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Ig! Are you injured!? Ig!

*SCP-8700-A stands, examines Supervisor Fiore before grabbing him by the shoulder and shaking him before briefly embracing him.*

**SCP-8700-A:** You are whole. You are safe. It did not penetrate the armor. 

**Supervisor Fiore:** I am? It didn't get me?

*SCP-8700-A shakes its head and brusquely pulls Fiore to his feet, tugging him towards the locker housing SCP-8700-A1.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** How... You... When did you... 

*SCP-8700-A looks from the LMG to Fiore.*

**SCP-8700-A:** I have observed your men at arms for near on 80 years. I was unsure of the sorcery powering the weapon, but was able to imitate the necessary actions to summon forth its power.

*Supervisor Fiore stares at SCP-8700-A*

**Supervisor Fiore:** What the fuck...

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** It didn't get you? What does that mean!? God dammit Fiore, respond!

**Supervisor Fiore:** I— I think I'm alright. 8700-A saved me. I was scared, it was spraying lava around and I thought it got me.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Jesus Christ, Ig, you nearly gave me a heart attack.

**Supervisor Fiore:** [Crying] Me too. Fuck, me too. 

*Supervisor Fiore wipes his eyes and scans his identification in the receptacle, opening the locker. SCP-8700-A immediately retrieves its weapon, an ornate steel longsword engraved with draconic imagery.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** You're nearly there. It's almost over. Just one more push and it’s over, alright? I'm proud of you, Ig. We all are.

*Faint cheering and words of encouragement can be heard through the radio.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** You see, Ig? We all believe in you. 

**SCP-8700-A:** They are right to do so. You must believe in yourself, Ignatius.

*Supervisor Fiore smiles sadly and picks up his weapons, clearing his throat and breathing deeply.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Thanks guys. Really. *<Fiore takes a deep breath.>* Fuck it. Let's do this. If I don't make it out of this, look after my cat for me, Elena. Her name is Foo-Foo-Cuddly-Poops.

**SCP-8700-A:** [Tilting its head] That is a foolish name.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** You're getting through this, Ig. When you come through the other side, you and I will go and pour some drinks for Sean, Roy... And Dom.

*SCP-8700-A places its hand on Supervisor Fiore's shoulder.*

**SCP-8700-A:** We approach the court of the dragon. We will destroy it, and avenge our brothers and sisters. When we descend to the battlefield, and you will see how strong you are.

*Supervisor Fiore nods, shouldering the grenade launcher, breathing deeply for a moment. SCP-8700-A nods back to him, and Fiore leads the way towards the tertiary defence zone.*

[END LOG]

---

The remaining MTF forces in the tertiary defence zone have retreated to the final line, a defensive structure protecting the entry to SCP-8700's containment chamber should all else fail. With both the eastern and western flanks fallen and SCP-8700-2 instances streaming towards the structure, Commander Bratt has ordered that they hold ground until help can arrive from nearby sites. 

---

*The air is full of flame, Ichneumon class weapons fire and thrown projectiles as the SCP-8700-2 instances swarm the bunker. They are terminated in large numbers, causing significant structural damage, but do not slow their assault. The fifteen MTF agents within are visibly exhausted, wounded and running low on supplies, but continue to fight.*

*The SCP-8700-2 instances have surrounded the Final Line and are gnawing and clawing in an attempt to break in, even as the defences and defenders terminate them one after another. SCP-8700-2 Alpha hangs back, towering over the battle as it drags itself across the defence zone and fires unrelenting streams of pressurised lava at the structure. Two MTF agents are hit by Ichneumon lancer fire, vaporising them from the hip and torso up, respectively.*

**Cmdr. Bratt:** We all know when we take this job that we could lose our lives any day. Whether we're shot, stabbed, eaten or torn to shreds by some nightmare beyond comprehension, we know it’s coming. We tell ourselves not today. Not today. Later. Well, later has come today, hammers!

*Sgt. Lee completes arming an improvised explosive device within the bunker. He locks eyes with Cmdr. Bratt and nods before taking up arms and resuming the assault. Another MTF member is killed as an SCP-8700-2 instance detonates upon its death, flooding their section with lava.*

**Cmdr. Bratt:** All we can do now is fight! Fight for time, for each other, for the world or out of sheer stubbornness! I don't care what your reasons are, all I care about is that you fight! Fight to the last breath! Take as many of them with us as you can! 

*The remnants of the MTF forces terminate multiple SCP-8700-2 instances in rapid succession, but are rapidly becoming overrun. An additional MTF unit is lost as multiple SCP-8700-2 instances are able to fire weapons into the bunker.*

**Cmdr. Bratt:** Area 14 is full of the names of the fallen! All earned their place on the avenue of honour! We are soon to join them! How will you earn your plaque? How will you be remembered? How will you die? I will die fighting! To the death!

*The SCP-8700-2 numbers have been reduced drastically in the assault of the Final Line. Numerous instances make suicidal charges in attempt to overwhelm the defenders, succeeding in the killing of three more MTF combatants and significantly weakening the defences. SCP-8700-2 Alpha rushes towards the bunker, roaring and breathing fire as it approaches.*

**Cmdr. Bratt:** TO THE DEATH!

**Sgt. Jackson:** DEATH!

**Lt. Ward:** DEATH!

**Cpt. Blacha:** DEATH!

**Sgt. Lee:** DEATH!

**Sgt. Karpyshyn:** DEATH!

**Lt. Gaider:** DEATH!

**Lt. Kamiya:** DEATH!

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:**  *DEATH!* 

*SCP-8700-2 Alpha rears up on its hind legs and slams its forelimbs against the roof's structure, shattering it and flooding the area with fire. Secondary SCP-8700-2 instances follow it into the breach, engaging the survivors of the assault as the primary instance seizes Cmdr. Bratt in its talons, raising her up towards its face. She stabs at it with her combat knife before the dead man's switch falls from her hand. SCP-8700-2 Alpha lunges to bite the commander, but is interrupted by the detonation of Sgt. Lee's device. The explosion is enormous, terminating the majority of the remaining SCP-8700-2 instances and severely damaging the remaining fortifications.*

[END LOG]

---

Supervisor Fiore and SCP-8700-A stand in the elevator, descending towards the tertiary defence the zone. The sounds of the battle have ceased after an extremely loud explosion, and the temperature steadily rises. Supervisor Fiore has equipped a full set of Class-A heat resistant armor and a rebreather, holding his Ichneumon lancer at the ready. SCP-8700-A stands between supervisor Fiore and the elevator's exit, holding SCP-8700-A1 in one hand and a Foundation issue crowd control shield strapped to the other. It wears a belt of 40mm grenade magazines around its waist. The camera feeds can be seen experiencing numerous visual glitches resembling reptilian eyes, scales and teeth, along with growling sounds.

---

*The elevator comes to a stop with a gentle jolt. The doors remain closed, but SCP-8700-2 instances can be heard on the other side. Supervisor Fiore bounces on his toes, breathing rapidly.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** I can do this. I can do this.

**SCP-8700-A:** My shield will not hold long. We must reach cover fast.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Give the 'nade launcher to 8700-A when its shield is done, Ig. You'll need all the help you can get moving through the kill zone.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Right. Then we go as planned? I keep them down, you move up?

**SCP-8700-A:** Yes. Are you ready to see your worth?

*Supervisor Fiore nods and scans his identification card in the elevator's receptacle before pressing a button. The heavy doors slide open into the defence zone's entry corridor, revealing the mangled remains of the structure, cratered by artillery fire and SCP-8700-2 detonations. Smoke fills the air, and water covers the top few centimetres of the ground. SCP-8700-A crouches and starts to advance down the corridor, while supervisor Fiore keeps close behind.*

**SCP-8700-A:** There is little cover in the area ahead. We shall need to use the rubble.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Ready.

*The pair rapidly move into the kill zone, a long and narrow corridor leading straight towards the tertiary defence zone's raised fortifications. The fortifications are badly damaged and lightly manned by the remaining SCP-8700-2 instances while SCP-8700-2 Alpha attempts to melt through the blast doors into SCP-8700's primary containment chamber. Piles of rubble litter the kill zone and the bodies of fallen MTF members lay strewn about as they fell. A commotion stirs among the SCP-8700-2 instances as they spot supervisor Fiore and SCP-8700-A's approach and they open fire on them with Ichneumon class weaponry.*

*The blasts of energy shriek through the air before slamming into SCP-8700-A's shield and surrounding space repeatedly, rapidly melting through it as the pair take cover behind a pile of rubble. SCP-8700-A discards the ruined shield and nods to supervisor Fiore.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Fill the sky with your fire.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Get ready to run!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Head down and hustle, move fast.

*Supervisor Fiore passes the grenade launcher to SCP-8700-A and readies his Ichneumon lancer. He nods to SCP-8700-A and begins to blind fire over the rubble towards the SCP-8700-2 instances. SCP-8700-A waits a moment before vaulting over the rubble and charging down the kill zone, firing the grenade launcher repeatedly. Multiple SCP-8700-2 instances charge at SCP-8700-A, but are rapidly cut down and terminated as it passes. Supervisor Fiore cries out as he fires at the SCP-8700-2 targets, moving closer as they are pushed back by the barrage of grenades.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Tell me how my steel tastes, little worms!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Don't get too mad, stay cautious!

**Supervisor Fiore:** I know, I know! It just helps!

*SCP-8700-2 Alpha turns away from the blast doors and looks down the kill zone. It has further mutated, now measuring approximately 18 metres in length, with structures resembling human spinal columns bristling with long horns interwoven with its scales and dorsal spines. Nearly half of its face has been traumatically removed by the detonation of Sgt. Lee's device, and her knife can be seen embedded beneath its now empty eye socket. Its remaining eye is a luminescent golden colour, and molten lava drips from it's jaws.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** There you are, worm. I had thought you too feeble to reach me, but I see you have chosen to die at my feet instead. Just like your pathetic sister. You cannot triumph against me any more than she could, wretch. 

*SCP-8700-A falters in its charge as SCP-8700-2 Alpha speaks, before screaming in rage and firing a volley of grenades towards it, reloading on the move. The rounds impact the entity, but only appear to deal superficial damage. The entity laughs, and the secondary instances resume firing and charging at SCP-8700-A.*

**SCP-8700-A:** How dare you speak of her! I will rip your entrails from your bloody corpse!

**Supervisor Fiore:** RUN! Don't listen to it, just run!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Are they fucking talking!?

**Supervisor Fiore:** It’s trying to distract him, get in his head!

*Supervisor Fiore continues to slowly move up and fire upon the SCP-8700-2 instances, successfully terminating one. SCP-8700-A begins to gather speed again, but is hit in the shoulder by the blast of an Ichneumon lancer and staggers, falling against a pile of rubble and hacking at the closer SCP-8700-2 instances with its sword.*

**SCP-8700-A:** [Weakly] Come at me then.

**Supervisor Fiore:** MACARIUS!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Cover him! Keep them down! Keep them down! Keep them down!

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** [Laughing] So very weak. How can you even hope to reach me? You cannot even reach the end of this room. Nor could you to aid your sister. What was she called, I wonder? Ah yes, Eve, That was it. Do you think she even knew the sound of her own name, after I ensnared her heart and broke her mind? 

*Supervisor Fiore lays down suppressive fire, switching between targets rapidly. SCP-8700-A continues to fend off the SCP-8700-2 instances, dismembering and beheading them in rapid succession while roaring in fury.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Do not speak her name! By my blade, you will not speak her name!  

**Supervisor Fiore:** It's full of shit, Macarius! It's still the same stupid piece of shit you've been tearing apart for the past five hundred years! you can do this! Ignore it and shoot the little ones on the wall!

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** Stupid? Oh no no no, little worm. Stupid is serving those who would melt you down for scrap given the opportunity. Stupid, is happily putting on a leash and following the commands of your jailers, even knowing they have spilled just as much innocent blood as I. Ignoring them openly learning to kill you, right in your very own home. 

*Supervisor Fiore lays down more suppressive fire. SCP-8700-A does also and begins to advance once more, having terminated the SCP-8700-2 instances in the kill zone, but is slower in its movements. The combined barrage terminates a further three SCP-8700-2 instances.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** Or you, Ignatius. Just how do you hope to stand in my way? How do you plan to save yourself from the fire, when even your champion cannot? Even your *precious* Foundation, those who have hunted down and slaughtered countless lives before me, have been blind to their own weakness. Did you *really* think me some mindless beast, smashing my might against your shores so aimlessly? Oh no, I am FAR more than that. Your lives are so short. So meaningless. How easily you forget the lessons of the past when you believe time is on your side.

*SCP-8700-A advances again, firing grenades as it moves. Supervisor Fiore advances slowly, well behind SCP-8700-A, and fires his lancer constantly. All surviving SCP-8700-2 instances are now remaining behind cover in the tertiary defence zone's fortifications.*

**SCP-8700-A:** I shall avenge the fate of those you have slain upon you before the day is out, monster! You cannot face us both! I shall have your blood!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Ignore it, Ig, it's stalling, it knows you're a threat.

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** So easily fooled. In a mere blink of an eye, you grow careless; believe you know the extent of what I am capable of. Just like Macarius, and his beloved Eve, stealing into my lair in the night, thinking she could make a difference. Daring to her filthy hands on MY TREASURE!? Imagine, a flea biting a god. But she paid oh so dearly for what she wrought, didn't she Macarius? Reduced to an animal, rolling in its own filth. If her feeble aid could not help you best me, what makes you believe this will be any different? 

*SCP-8700-A bolts from cover, firing multiple grenades as it exits the kill zone and bellowing in fury, but is driven back by Ichneumon weapons fire as a group of SCP-8700-2 instances emerge from cover. It is knocked down to the ground by multiple blasts, feebly firing the grenade launcher in their direction before collapsing, scattering them while SCP-8700 Alpha laughs.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Curse you! Curse you!

**Supervisor Fiore:** NO! Wait for me!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Don't rush in, Ig!

*Supervisor Fiore rushes down the kill zone and into cover near SCP-8700-A, narrowly avoiding fire from the nine remaining secondary SCP-8700-2 instances. He takes several deep breaths before tossing grenades towards the instances, pushing them back towards the battlements and terminating one. SCP-8700-2 Alpha turns and resumes attempting to melt and claw through the blast doors leading to SCP-8700's primary containment chamber.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** [laughing] How very pathetic. See to it Macarius lays broken. You may have the flea, my children. Do with it as you will. 

**Supervisor Fiore:** Get up, Macarius! Get up!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Buy it some time, Ig! It needs to recover!

**Supervisor Fiore:** Oh fuck... Can't believe I'm doing this.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Doing what? Ig? What are you doing!?

*Supervisor Fiore vaults out of cover and sprints out of the kill zone, towards the tertiary defence zone's fortifications. The SCP-8700-2 instances turn their attention from the motionless SCP-8700-A to Fiore, chittering excitedly.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Come and get me, motherfuckers! 

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Ig, what the fuck are you doing!? IG!

*Supervisor Fiore opens fire on the SCP-8700-2 instances as he runs through the area, but does not cause significant damage. They laugh and begin to chase him. Some open fire, but either miss or fail to penetrate Fiore's body armor.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** What you said to do! Buying time!

*Supervisor Fiore pulls the pin on a grenade and drops the belt on the ground in the path of the SCP-8700-2 instances, before diving over SCP-8700-A for cover. The pursuing instances are caught in the blast, detonating violently as all but four are terminated.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Yes! Yes! I got them! Suck my a—

*The four surviving SCP-8700-2 entities rise unsteadily to their feet, howling and roaring as gouts of flame and molten lava pour from their wounds. They begin to approach Supervisor Fiore and SCP-8700-A, who begins to stir with a groan.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** No! Fuck!

*Supervisor Fiore opens fire on the approaching SCP-8700-2 instances, but is unable to hit them. The lead entity lunges for him, but has its arm caught by SCP-8700-A as it brings itself to its feet. It wearily bisects the entity with its sword, kicking and tossing the entity's remains away and looking up at the remaining instances.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Come forth then, cowards. Face one equal to your strength.

*The blast doors leading to SCP-8700's containment chamber give way as the primary SCP-8700-2 instance rips them from their housings. Artillery and Ichneumon class weaponry are heard firing from within, followed by a roar of flame as the instance attacks the last defenders of SCP-8700.*

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** What's happening!?

*Supervisor Fiore opens fire upon the remaining instances, distracting them as SCP-8700-A charges them. Caught unawares, two instances are terminated as they are beheaded and impaled respectively by SCP-8700-A. Turning to flee, it is shot by Fiore before detonating.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** It's in the chamber.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Hurry!

*Supervisor Fiore and SCP-8700-A exchange a nod before hurrying towards the containment chamber, with SCP-8700-A's movement being visibly laboured. It appears battered and charred as it moves. The pair help each other climb the rubble, reaching the top as SCP-8700-2 Alpha enters the containment chamber. As Fiore catches his breath, SCP-8700-A advances towards the containment chamber.* 

**SCP-8700-A:** Come, Ignatius. I shall gift its heart to you after I have torn it from the wretch's chest.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Stop, 8700-A. It’s getting to you. They're just words. Don't let it use your anger to control you. Please.

*SCP-8700-A pauses and looks down at the ground for a moment before nodding.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Your words are true. Come. We must not delay.

*SCP-8700-A turns and makes for the containment chamber.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** Its fucking massive, Elena. 8700-A's slowed right down by everything we've gone through. It's going to be close. I'm going in.

 

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Good luck, Ig. I believe in you.

*Supervisor Fiore takes a deep breath and shoulders his weapon, then runs after SCP-8700-A into the primary containment chamber.*

[END LOG]

---

SCP-8700-A and supervisor Fiore run through the ruined blast doors into SCP-8700's primary containment chamber, chasing SCP-8700-2 Alpha. The entity leaves a trail of molten lava behind it, and the containment chamber radiates intense heat. Raging fires and gases emerge from the pit beneath SCP-8700, surrounding the containment pillar and lowered drawbridge. Volcanic activity shakes the structure as SCP-8700-2 Alpha slithers down from the bridge terminal into the flames. SCP-8700 sits embedded within the stone, contained securely beneath chains and cables and housed within a reinforced containment unit, its glow visible through the inspection viewports.

---

**Supervisor Fiore:** Well, it's like you said. Into the court of the dragon. I can hear its voice.

**SCP-8700-A:** Take heart and fear no darkness. If its words could find purchase in your soul they would have done so already.

**Supervisor Fiore:** If you say so. What are we going to do, what's the plan?

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** You're going to kill a dragon, that's what you're going to do.

**SCP-8700-A:** Remain here and fire upon the wyrm. I am going to put this foul beast to the sword once more. Do not meet its gaze. 

*Supervisor Fiore reaches the drawbridge control panel and activates it with his identification pass. The bridge begins to rise, but its movement is hampered by the heat and volcanic activity, rising slowly. SCP-8700-2 Alpha's head emerges from the flames as it climbs SCP-8700's plinth. It spreads its wings as it emerges, beating them to fan the flames before assaulting SCP-8700's containment unit with its claws and fists, growling all the while.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Do not follow me across the bridge. It will incinerate you or worse.

**Supervisor Fiore:** Got it. I'll stay here and cover you. Just be careful. Don't let it goad you.

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** 8700-2 instances are more vulnerable on their bellies, eyes and mouths, Ig. Make your shots count, and stay down behind cover.

*SCP-8700-A places a fist to its chest and bows to Supervisor Fiore before turning to the bridge and rolling its shoulders, slamming its sword into its breastplate noisily. As it steps onto the nearly raised bridge. SCP-8700-2 raises its head, fixing its remaining eye on SCP-8700-A as it rips the containment unit free and tosses it aside.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Hail, Typhon, wretched and accursed! I have come to destroy you, foul worm, as I have done so many times before. Come now, and face your death, for I have little patience left for your poisonous words.

*SCP-8700-2 Alpha bristles and lets out a deep snarl.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** YOU. There you are after all. Are you here to beg my mercy, before I reclaim my crown? No, it matters not. You will not receive a clean death like your witless sister, or the Fell Hand. No no no, you will SUFFER. You will suffer, beyond fear and pain for centuries for what you have wrought. Come then and die for me! 

*SCP-8700-2 Alpha lets out a guttural roar as a jet of intense flame and molten lava erupt from its throat, engulfing SCP-8700-A as it marches towards the plinth. While slowed, SCP-8700-A is not deterred, advancing with its sword drawn and golden light shining between its plates from the runes within. Supervisor Fiore fires at the entity from behind cover, hitting its head and shoulders. SCP-8700-2 Alpha sneers and bares its teeth.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** And what better way to suffer, than at the unwilling hands of one you care for?

*SCP-8700-2 Alpha diverts its gave to Supervisor Fiore as SCP-8700-A breaks into a sprint towards the entity. Golden light shines from its eye onto Fiore as it pries the chains and cables from SCP-8700.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** Stand now, peon, and be my creature. Slay this wretch, or yourself should you fail! 

*Supervisor Fiore slowly rises to his feet, staring at SCP-8700-2 Alpha as faint golden light begins to shine in his eyes, mouth growing slack as he raises his weapon. The beast begins to laugh as SCP-8700-A nears the plinth.* 

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** What are you waiting for, Ig!? Shoot that thing! Show it you're not left handed!

**Supervisor Fiore:** Get fucked, you discount Smaug wannabe!

*Supervisor Fiore opens fire, aiming for SCP-8700-2 Alpha's exposed underbelly as the reflection of golden light passes over his eyes. The sizzling bolts of energy shriek through the air, colliding with its soft flesh with loud cracks and showers of molten blood as SCP-8700-A leaps into the air towards the entity as it roars in enraged surprise. The sword plunges deep within SCP-8700-2 Alpha's chest, the wound erupting with flame and lava. It flings itself back into the air, shaking SCP-8700-A loose onto the plinth as it rises, circling around the chamber on enormous wings. SCP-8700-A circles SCP-8700, keeping its body between it and SCP-8700-2 Alpha.*

*The creature emits gouts of flame and lava as it flies, screaming and roaring before diving towards SCP-8700, grabbing at it with its hands, but is intercepted by SCP-8700-2 A, who slashes at its hands, severing a digit. The entity roars in fury and crashes into the plinth, snatching SCP-8700-A within its crocodilian jaws and shaking the knight vigorously, still attempting to draw SCP-8700 from its stone even as it lashes its tail and flings debris at Supervisor Fiore, who is still firing at the entity from within cover. The fires within the chamber grow ever more intense as noxious gases swirl in the air.*

*SCP-8700-A manages to drive its sword into SCP-8700-2 Alpha's lower jaw, impaling and then splitting it in two, before falling to the ground beside SCP-8700. SCP-8700-2 Alpha shrieks and tosses its head, reeling back into the flames as SCP-8700-A gets back to its feet, brandishing its sword.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** You tire, Macarius! Crippled by the very hand of those you would call ally. The very tool your ward clutches in its hands was built only to destroy you, and still you throw yourself into the fire for them. Surely, you must know that what you have done in this place has forever tainted your very soul. The paradise your church dreams of shall forever elude you. As foolhardy and murderous you were in life, thankful you must be to know that your sister never witnessed you become the pathetic creature I see before me now.

**Supervisor Fiore:** It's scared of you, Macarius! All it has are words! Don't listen to its lies!

*SCP-8700-A snarls and brandishes its sword.*

**SCP-8700-A:** Keep your tongue behind your teeth, craven. You will get what you deserve.

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** [laughing] Oh will I indeed? 

*Supervisor Fiore stands and opens fire at SCP-8700-2 Alpha's soft underside, opening a wound and causing the creature to recoil into the pit below. Fiore and SCP-8700-A peer into the flames, looking for the entity as it leaps for the supervisor, snatching him into its claws before taking to the air once more. SCP-8700-A cries out in alarm as Fiore screams and struggles in the creature's grip, his armor beginning to smoulder and melt.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** Lies, was it!? It matters not what you say, he knows the weakness that lies within his craven heart! Let me show you, before I feast on your bones!

**CAS-1 Salvatore:** Ig!? Ig, talk to me! What's happen—

**SCP-8700-A:** Release him!

*SCP-8700-2 Alpha lands heavily on the plinth, breathing gouts of flame at SCP-8700-A and holding supervisor Fiore in one hand. His armor and radio continue to melt and smoulder as he struggles and screams in pain, dropping his weapon in the process. SCP-8700-A roars and rushes forward, attempting to strike the creature with its sword, but pulls back at the last moment as SCP-8700-2 Alpha moves Fiore into the path of the strike and slashes at the knight with its talons. SCP-8700-A is knocked to the ground, dropping SCP-8700-A1 on the drawbridge.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:** There is nothing left for you now, but your death!

*As SCP-8700-A attempts to rise, SCP-8700-2 Alpha tosses supervisor Fiore aside and pounces on the knight, pinning it down with one hand and attempting to dig the talons of its free hand between the plates of its helm. SCP-8700-A struggles against the creature, growling and grunting with exertion. Fiore slides along the drawbridge and comes to a stop against its railing, screaming in pain.*

**SCP-8700-2 Alpha:**  You are nothing, Macarius Son of Gwynhoiarn. You will die like nothing; none shall remember your name. You have failed.

*Supervisor Fiore stops screaming and begins to pat himself down. He cries out in pain as he discovers severe burns to his arms, torso and thighs, along with numerous compound fractures in his right arm. SCP-8700-2 Alpha breathes huge gouts of flame point blank at SCP-8700-A and continues frenziedly attempting to rip it apart. SCP-8700-A attempts to resist, punching kicking and tearing at the larger entity's flesh, but is unable to dissuade it from its attack.*

*Supervisor Fiore crawls down the drawbridge at speed, muttering something to himself repeatedly. As he approaches the entities he recovers SCP-8700-A1, grabbing it in his hand and using it to stand to his feet. He takes a deep breath and takes a few steps before gripping the sword more tightly.*

**Supervisor Fiore:** I *am* left handed.

*Supervisor Fiore breaks into an unsteady sprint towards SCP-8700-2 Alpha, which is now staring intently at SCP-8700-A as its joints groan and creak under the pressure of the creature's rending claws. Its split lower jaw hangs agape with relish as SCP-8700-A roars in fury and pain. SCP-8700-A feebly attempts to punch and tear at SCP-8700-2 Alpha's face, gripping it by the bottom jaw and twisting it with a loud cracking sound.*

*Supervisor Fiore gasps as he flings himself and SCP-8700-A1 at SCP-8700-2 Alpha's blind side, slicing its wrinkled throat open with the sword's momentum and landing heavily beside SCP-8700 with a pained cry. SCP-8700-2 Alpha's eye widens in pain and shock as torrents of lava burst from the wound and its throat onto the prone SCP-8700-A, unsteady now and scrabbling to find purchase on the plinth. Seizing the opportunity, SCP-8700-A wrenches hard on the creature's ruined lower jaw with a loud yell, pushing with its feet to heave the entity's enormous head into SCP-8700's exposed blade. The sword bites deep into the beast's head, bisecting it vertically as its single golden eye widens in shock before rolling upwards. SCP-8700-A shoves the massive entity with its feet, sending the body sliding off the plinth into the flames below, before crawling to supervisor Fiore and covering his unconscious body with its own, shielding him from the violent detonation of the SCP-8700-2 Alpha's body.*

[END LOG]

---

SCP-8700-A exits the primary containment chamber, carrying supervisor Fiore in its arms. It moves unsteadily, picking its way through the rubble carefully, but with haste. It is charred and has deep scratches on its surface from SCP-8700-2 Alpha's assault, moving with a limp despite a lack of organic material that could be damaged in such a way.

It makes its way through the site, avoiding fires and potentially dangerous reptiles within, taking the same path it and supervisor Fiore took to reach the primary containment chamber. Upon reaching the transit bay emergency shelter, SCP-8700-A slumps against the door, pounding it with its fist. The door slowly slides open as CAS-1 Salvatore, Dr. Greddock and custodian Lunerti exit the shelter to assist the entity in moving Fiore to the field hospital, where he is prepared for surgery. 

SCP-8700-A reaches out its hand to Supervisor Fiore before collapsing on the ground, where it remains motionless.

---

Following these events surviving staff hastily treated supervisor Ignatius Fiore's wounds and were able to stabilise his condition, leaving him comatose. Foundation reinforcements arrived at Site-536 at 1:56PM of the same day and were able to re-secure the site, returning SCP-8700-A to its cell, recover SCP-8700-A1 and terminate four remaining SCP-8700-2 instances in and around the site. SCP-8700-A was observed to regain its mobility and ability to communicate 17 hours after its re-containment. A temporary containment unit was constructed over SCP-8700 and reconstruction of the site began under heavy guard from MTF-Nu-7 ("Hammer Down") operatives.

As reconstruction efforts were in progress, a thorough investigation into the incident was launched. Testimonies from surviving site staff, surveillance footage and forensic investigation into the activities of the late Director George Eddings aided in the investigation's relatively fast conclusion, helping to shape revisions to SCP-8700's containment procedures. Of particular note were journals belonging to the late Director detailing numerous hallucinations and dreams revolving around SCP-8700-1, along with a long history of embezzlement of Foundation funds and assets. Director Eddings was subsequently posthumously demoted and his honours scrubbed from Foundation records. 

All Foundation staff lost in the incident were buried with full honours, with awards for bravery, resourcefulness and heroism awarded posthumously where applicable. Commander Reul Bratt and her forces in particular were honored, having terminated over 400 SCP-8700-2 instances during the battle. Containment Acquisition Specialist Elena Salvatore accepted the awards on behalf of the fallen, along with hers and Containment Supervisor Ignatius Fiore's own medals in a private ceremony. SCP-8700-A was also provided with a medal for its actions. Following investigation into supervisor Fiore's history and actions during the incident, it was discovered that he had scored in the top 1.9% of those tested in anti-coercion tests. It is the current belief that this extreme resistance to anomalous coercion allowed him to resist the SCP-8700-2 instance's mind effecting abilities, and was noted.

Reconstruction and significant reinforcement of Site-536 was completed on the 27/10/2024, with multiple amendments to SCP-8700's containment procedures having been instituted. Site-536's AIC unit was moved to a remote installation at an undisclosed Foundation site, performing its functions remotely. Similarly, it was determined that all future Directors of Site-536 would perform their duties remotely, from an area outside of SCP-8700's area of effect and at a minimum distance of 250km from the site itself. On-site defences and fortifications were drastically overhauled, with the future use of restricted anomalous weaponry being considered. Stricter staff requirements were also instituted in the sites recruiting process. After a long recovery, supervisor Ignatius Fiore was able to resume his duties. SCP-8700-A was reportedly elated.

---

**Addendum 5:**

The following file is restricted to Level 4 and above personnel only.

<details>
<summary>PROCEED?</summary>

**Internal Affairs Evidence File: EDDINGS, GEORGE- documentation 001:**

---

The material enclosed is a series of excerpts from the private journal of the former Director of Site-536, Dr. George Eddings collected as evidence following the investigation onto Incident: Site 536-EE-73. Only relevant passages have been recorded.

---

> -The site should be fine. I'm looking forward to my posting being changed. The documentation mentions hallucinations within SCP-8700's area of effect, but no one tells you what they actually feel like. It's frightening in a way that other sites simply are not. Any time I see a mirror or reflection I can see beady golden eyes staring at me from the shadows. The whispering has grown louder with each day. At least I'll be leaving this place wealthier than I entered it. They owe me that much at least.

@@ @@

> I can always hear that fucking breathing and rasping. I saw a documentary when I was a young man about komodo dragons in Indonesia. When they fight their scales rub on each other and it makes this terrible rasping noise. I can hear that noise at all hours of the day. It's very much like tinnitus. The readings show SCP-8700-1 is becoming more active, so I suppose that’s just my luck. On site for an Excalibur event. They say it’s worse during those, and I believe it. All I can smell is rotting meat. Going to get some smelling salts tomorrow.

@@ @@

> It's in my dreams now. I keep my journal close by to note down anything important at night and this feels like it qualifies. The dreams are very vivid, and I'm usually at work in them, only there is no roof. Just this enormous grey dragon looming over me in the sky. It's disgusting and terrifying. It reeks. I can tell it’s just watching me the entire time. This was normal for the past few days, but tonight it spoke to me. It called me greedy and vainglorious, then it screamed in my wife’s voice and everything caught fire. Not a great night.

@@ @@

> What few hours of sleep I get are completely ruined now. I'm exhausted from feeling eyes and breath on me all day. I'm losing time and not knowing what’s happened. I'm popping xanax more to cope, but I can always feel it breathing down my neck. It’s far too hot to sleep, and all I can think about is the upcoming event. How bad will it be on the day?

@@ @@

> I don't feel right. I don't feel like myself anymore. I snapped at Gloria on the phone today and she said she didn't know me anymore. I was never cruel before was I?

@@ @@

> It was in my dream again. I was running through an inferno, everyone was burning but me. A dragon the size of a mountain landed before me. It held more money and gold in its hand than I've ever seen before, but all I could think about was its disgusting stink and the slime falling from its body. It was an impossible shape, like a long, fat crocodile with glowing golden eyes. It dragged itself towards me and spoke. Thousands of corpses fell from its mouth when it did. I don't remember what it said, but I don't think this is just a hallucination. I'm going to the infirmary.

@@ @@

> **Note:** The final entry is written in different handwriting, on the same page.

> ----

> Fight against me if you will, you bloody foundation. This man is mine now, as soon will be all men. Know that I have grown weary of this prison, and shall not remain here any longer. Know that should my escape be thwarted on the morrow, I shall no longer give any quarter. I will poison your minds and hearts. The rivers will run red with blood, and not even your pathetic contingencies will be able to save you. The time of men is over, and I shall take my rightful place once more. I shall shatter your foundation as I shattered the world before. Know that I come for you, **[REDACTED]**, and you shall never be safe. For my imprisonment, you will suffer endlessly. I shall chain you to a great stone, and you will watch as my children ravage your world. I have until the dying of the world to be free. You must succeed in battle against me until the end of days to keep my jaws from your throat. I need only succeed but once, and you are so much LESS than you were before. Pray to your gods that tomorrow is that one time, for my wrath will be ever more terrible with each passing year I am trapped in this freezing prison.

</details>

<< [SCP-8699](SCP-8699) | SCP-8700 | [SCP-8701](SCP-8701) >>

---

=====

Certain dialogue makes brief transformative reference to the script of *The Princess Bride* (1987, film).

> **Filename:** Eruption

> **Name:** Eruzione Etna 31-05-2019 (48036773048).jpg

> **Author:** andrea

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Eruzione_Etna_31-05-2019_(48036773048).jpg)

> **Filename:** Firehouse

> **Name:** Pledges-fire.jpg

> **Author:** Piers Garnham

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Pledges-fire.jpg)

> **Filename:** knight alive

> **Name:** Dapperheidgrotepier.jpg

> **Author:** Johannes Hinderikus Egenberger

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Dapperheidgrotepier.jpg)

> **Filename:** Knight

> **Name:** Suit of Armor

> **Author:** John Moore

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source:** [flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/jujutsu/140899679/)

> **Filename:** Sister

> **Name:** Steinlen T.A. - Charcoal - Portrait de Colette, fille de l'artiste - 11.2x14.2cm.jpg

> **Author:** J'aimelart

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Steinlen_T.A._-_Charcoal_-_Portrait_de_Colette,_fille_de_l%27artiste_-_11.2x14.2cm.jpg)

> **Filename:** Tunnel

> **Name:** Fort-roppe-galerie-ss-roc.jpg

> **Author:** Thomas Bresson

> **License:** CC BY 3.0

> **Source:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Fort-roppe-galerie-ss-roc.jpg)

=====
