---

**Special Containment Procedures:** The 5.5 km^^2^^ Exclusion Zone around █████████████, Colorado is to be maintained civilian-free up until such time as site remediation works can be adequately completed. Use of Cover Story EAE17 (Military Aircraft Accident, Hazardous Ordnance Present) has been approved, allowing for an additional enforceable 50 km no-fly zone around the area.

The Exclusion Zone is to be surrounded by a 10 m high solid, opaque wall and an 800 m external perimeter around it, prohibiting civilian access. The inside perimeter of the wall is to be maintained as a consistent controlled-burn area to prevent spread of SCP-8830-A. The rest of the Zone is to be systematically clearead of SCP-8830-A via incineration, with an estimated lead time of three weeks.

Following SCP-8830-A eradication, and removal of all relevant objects from the Zone, site remediation is to continue with partial rebuilding of █████████████, Colorado to be returned to public use, with the exception of SCP-8830 itself, which will be converted to subterranean Permanent Containment Site 8830 and publicly declared a Superfund site.

**Description:** SCP-8830 is a crater that manifested through anomalous means on 2024/12/05 in the town of █████████████, Colorado. At 20:41 MST, Foundation Advance Extradimensional Incursion Warning detected an energetic event on the north-west edge of town, and the Dimensional Emergency Containment Contingent (DECC) was on-site with a response time of approximately seven minutes and thirty seconds. At the time, the SCP-8830 site was discovered to be mostly in its current state, and, after the neutralization of a small remnant Chaos Insurgency force, the Exclusion Zone was established.

SCP-8830 itself is a geologically displaced area forming a crater some 60 m wide and 12 m in average depth in north-west █████████████, Colorado. The rocks and soil forming SCP-8830 are not native to the area. The rim of SCP-8830 is lined with parallel columns of a red crystalline material, standing around the crater perimeter at the same angle of 35 degree from vertical.

The remains of an estimated 13 different individuals, equipped with military gear and various counter-thaumic implements, presumably all Chaos Insurgency, were found scattered inside SCP-8830. The total casualty count following establishment of Foundation control over the Exclusion Zone was 49 Chaos Insurgency (of which 8 terminated by DECC) and 237 civilian. A further 119 civilians deceased in Foundation custody. 2832 civilians have been successfully decontaminated, amnesticized and released. The Foundation response has reported zero personnel casualties.

| Objects present within SCP-8830 |
| --- |
|| **SCP-8830-CM (Operable)** _

 _

SCP-8830-CM is a standard Dimensional Transport Carrier Module. The object was discovered in what is apparently an adequately operable state, in the center of SCP-8830. Currently awaiting declassification, following removal from Exclusion Zone and permanent decommissioning. _

 _

DTCMs of similar make, when their Navigation Unit is configured with the appropriate dimensional coordinates of a target universe, and possessing a spectral marker from a particular object to serve as an anchor, can be used to transport 18 equipped personnel and a bulk load of up to 25 tons to within the immediate vicinity of the anchor, inside the target universeTransport only works between different source and target universes, and cannot be used to travel within the same universe.. DTCMs are not known for causing geological displacement at the travel endpoints.  _

  _

||

|| **SCP-8830-Curie (Presumed Neutralized)** _

 _

SCP-8830-Curie was discovered next to SCP-8830-CM in its current, apparently deceased state, with no signs of biological activity. The object is a tree-like organism consisting of a trunk with two thick jointed "leg" appendages attached, and six "arm" appendages, of which two are much longer than the others. Estimated to be approximately 8 m tall if it were to stand upright. Its left, larger "arm" and left "leg" have been severed partway, and the trunk section that would serve as its "chest" is nearly torn in half. The severed sections and expected debris have not been located anywhere inside the SCP-8830 Exclusion Zone. The object's Rydberg-Scranton fingerprintThe Rydberg-Scranton fingerprint is the result of an extensive series of physical and non-physical measurements, believed to be an adequate benchmark for determining whether two distinct samples of baryonic matter originate within the same universe. is a 99.97% match for baseline reality.   _

  _

||

|| **SCP-8830-Braid (Presumed Neutralized)** _

 _

Object was a stable dimensional rift inside SCP-8830, lying coaxially with the pillars jutting out from around the crater, leading to another universe. At the time of discovery, it took the appearance of a sloped tunnel, visually estimated at 400-500 m in length, lined with tree roots of a slightly yellow tint. In accordance with emergency containment protocol, the opening was physically barricaded and spectral measurements were being taken, during which time SCP-8830-Braid seems to have lost its extradimensional properties. Current Hume readings of the opening are indistinguishable from the rest of the Exclusion Zone.   _

  _

||

The area around SCP-8830, encompassing the majority of █████████████, Colorado, had sustained significant damage by the time Foundation surveillance was established. Approximately one third of the structures within the town had incurred catastrophic damage consistent with earthquakes or crushing by a massive object. In addition, several structures as well as corpses showed signs of burning, with no apparent source of fire, nor were any ongoing fires reported by DECC upon arrival.

SCP-8830-A is a yellowish-brown viscous substance, coating almost 20% of the Exclusion Zone surface area. Most living organisms coming into direct physical contact with SCP-8830-A decay within a few seconds of exposure, and their remains develop lesions that produce and discharge more SCP-8830-A. Plant matter behaves differently, being more gradually affected by SCP-8830-A over the course of several hours, and not decaying completely in the process.

Forensics has established that all digital devices present within the Exclusion Zone, whether Chaos Insurgency or civilian, had become damaged and inoperable following the event, and no usable recording data could be recovered. As a result, post-event analysis is limited to the state in which SCP-8830 and its vicinity was discovered, at the time of DECC's arrival.

 _

**DECC outgoing communication logs**

**Date:** 2024/12/14

**Participants:**

• Daniel Dalton: DECC Interim Adjutant for SCP-8830

• Brian Thorpe: Head of Research, Dimensional Development 

---

**Dalton:** You were in charge of designing these DTCMs then?

**Thorpe:** Well, not exactly in charge, but I was heavily involved. I went around and checked the docketed SCP-8830 evidence. According to the model serial numbers on the recovered module, this one was stolen from the Foundation during a raid on 2017/07/07, along with various other dimensional navigation equipment.

**Dalton:** Nothing surprising there. But, regarding SCP-8830, I understand they're not quite supposed to do this.

**Thorpe:** Not at all. They just appear in any available empty space near the anchor. In fact they have the tendency to appear a bit too high off the ground, which is why we added these big landing legs with shock absorbers starting from the second generation.

**Dalton:** What if there's no available space?

**Thorpe:** The shift just doesn't take place. Same thing if the anchor happens to not be in the target dimension. I've never heard of any other possible outcome, and I'm quite sure SCP-8830 is not the result of that.

**Dalton:** And the anchor can even be a person?

    

**Thorpe:** It actually works better if it's a person. I'll try to be brief. The principle of operation is partially derived from SCP-5917-2. The Navigation Unit translates the dimensional coordinates to a potentially valid name for the target dimension and vocalizes it, bypassing the need for a human user to be negatively affected. 

**Dalton:** Interesting.

**Thorpe:** However, the resulting random destination becomes defined as habitable from the perspective of the Navigation Unit, not for humans, which is exactly the opposite of what we want. The anchor allows for bypassing this by specifying a location. And the spectral markers of personalities - human or otherwise - are... quite a bit more well defined than those of an inanimate object.

    

**Dalton:** I think I get the gist of it. But I don't see how this has any bearing on what happened with SCP-8830.

**Thorpe:** You and me both. I'll let you know if I've thunk something up later.

 _

 _

**Internal DECC communication logs**

**Date:** 2024/12/18

**Participants:**

• Daniel Dalton: DECC Interim Adjutant for SCP-8830

• Dennis Pintle: DECC Director of Operations 

• Esteban Melitez (mentioned): DECC Adjutant for Antarctic Anomalies 

---

**Pintle:** I don't really have time. The Dimvortex in Antarctica has been acting up a storm lately.

**Dalton:** Still? How many days has it been since the incursion?

**Pintle:** Fifteen, give or take. Honestly, we're lucky that thing is where it is, unlike 8830...

**Dalton:** No leads as to what caused it?

**Pintle:** A couple, but it's need-to-know until we can better clarify. I must get a hold of Melitez for an explanation. We lost two helos. 

**Dalton:** And the men?

**Pintle:** Everyone's alive, as far as I've heard. The helos just stopped working, one fell from very low altitude, the other was already on the ground. So they were left stranded in the snow for a while. I don't know, might've been the Dimvortex, but it's atypical. Anyway, we're here to talk about 8830.

**Dalton:** Still learning about these DTCMs but it doesn't seem to have been the cause. Even if deliberately misused.

**Pintle:** And what was?

**Dalton:** ... Sorry, I'm as good as Melitez right now.

**Pintle:** Fine. More pressingly, can we do something about Minotaur?

**Dalton:** Not with current onsite resources. But Daisy seems to think it's been rendered harmless.

**Pintle:** I want it dealt with as a priority anyway, obviously. Anything about the Ent creature?

**Dalton:** Forensics found that it was loaded up with a spectral marker. Likely by the Insurgency. But apparently it wasn't used, nor intended to be used, as an anchor. No clue why they wanted the marker on it or what it belongs to.

**Pintle:** Okay, I'm sure some of that makes more sense to you than it just did to me. Anyway, good work, keep at that. I really need to go now. On top of all my actual problems, I must negotiate your budget with the brass.

**Dalton:** There's no way they'd cut our funds, Zone's extremely high exposure.

**Pintle:** They won't cut containment, but you can bet they would love to shave a zero off research.

**Dalton:** Then make sure they don't.

**Pintle:** I'll see what I can do.

 _

| Objects discovered in the vicinity of SCP-8830 |
| --- |
|| **SCP-8830-B (Inert)** _

 _

SCP-8830-B is the designation for various ejecta of rock and soil throughout the Exclusion Zone thought to originate from the creation of SCP-8830. Physically unremarkable, other than the presence of SCP-8830-A on the surface of most samples. Rydberg-Scranton fingerprinting confirms that the matter does not originate from baseline reality. _

 _

||

|| **SCP-8830-Minotaur (Condition Uncertain)** _

 _

The most prominent feature of the Exclusion Zone other than SCP-8830. A massive organism, estimated at 45 m in length, made predominantly of muscle tissue, partially covered in a bark-like material. Entity consists of a main elongated body and a large number of relatively small appendages around its midsection. SCP-8830-Minotaur is located 200 m south of SCP-8830 and, while apparently still alive based on tissue sampling, it shows no signs of physical activity and is either incapable of movement or otherwise immobilized. A number of its appendages are entangled with root-like structures emerging from the ground beneath it. In addition, a single long, yellowish branch extends from SCP-8830-Braid and is wrapped around what would presumably be the entity's "head" at the end of its elongated neck, holding it erect and vertically upright. It is not presently known if SCP-8830-Minotaur possesses a brain or analogous organ, but remote encephalography shows complete lack of any neural activity.   _

  _

||

|| **SCP-8830-Morgan (Safe, Presumed Neutralized)** _

 _

SCP-8830-Morgan appears to be a late 15th century greatsword, of estimated 210 cm length and 17 cm at the widest point of the blade. The object is suspended in the air, almost parallel to the ground and at approximate eye level, 70 m south of SCP-8830. The blade is slightly bent, as if its tip had struck a solid object resisting its inertia, while force was still being exerted from the hilt. The object cannot be moved from its position.   _

  _

||

Maintenance of the Exclusion Zone currently consumes around 12% of the Dimensional Emergency Containment resource budget. Central accounting expects it to grow to be by far the single most expensive DECC branch activity for the 2024/2025 fiscal year. DECC has been instructed to keep the research expenditure to a minimum unless additional anomalous behavior is noted. It is currently believed that site remediation is possible within a three-year timespan, provided SCP-8830-Braid shows no signs of resumption of anomalous properties. After destruction or removal of foreign objects and material, the subsurface volume of SCP-8830 itself would become part of an underground Permanent Containment Site, while the mostly rebuilt town of █████████████, Colorado can be returned to civilian use.

---

 _

The following information has been marked as Likely Extraneous, and is currently under review for culling from the SCP-8830 records.

 _

 _

**Internal DECC communication logs**

**Date:** 2024/12/19

**Participants:**

• Daniel Dalton: DECC Interim Adjutant for SCP-8830

• Francesca Ward: DECC Onsite Forensics Team 

---

**Dalton:** Please tell me you got something new cooking.

**Ward:** I actually do, it's about the sword.

**Dalton:** Anything but that...

**Ward:** Yeah, so the spectral reading around its tip is similar to known thaumic symbols for "Stasis" and "Parry".

**Dalton:** Predictable. It's a big sword. That got blocked by magic. Can we move on?

**Ward:** Right? So then I started compiling its RS print. Which naturally is a bit difficult since the thing is locked in place, I can only do a partial print and infer some of the rest...

**Dalton:** That's a lot of damn resources, and we're on a budget. Please use your experimental timeslots more efficiently. There's still a lot we don't know about Minotaur. What are you really going to find out? That the big sword blocked by magic is not from this world? Daisy could've told me that within five seconds. And she -

**Ward:** Listen, that's not it. I was able to take the partial RS print and check it against SCP-8830-B, since we already have a near complete print for that. And even with the partial print it's certain that they cannot match at all.

**Dalton:** Fucking hell, I didn't think of that. Okay, I take it back, this might actually be useful.

**Ward:** I plan on doing the yellow Braid bark next. 

**Dalton:** Straight to the probable source, I like it.

 _

 _

**Internal DECC communication logs**

**Date:** 2024/12/19

**Participants:**

• Daniel Dalton: DECC Interim Adjutant for SCP-8830

• Esteban Melitez: DECC Adjutant for Antarctic Anomalies 

• Dennis Pintle (mentioned): DECC Director of Operations 

---

**Dalton:** Finally you are available. Been meaning to ask how you guys are doing down there. Did you talk with Dennis?

**Melitez:** No! I've been trying to get a hold of him for the past two days now. Did you?

**Dalton:** Yeah, just yesterday. He said he had urgent business. Precisely with you, I thought...

**Melitez:** Well it did not seem like it. Either been ignoring me or I don't know. Let's both try to call him?

**Dalton:** Whatever, I'll bother him later. So what's the deal with the Dimvortex then? The incursion?

**Melitez:** It was not an incursion. Something entered it. Then it swelled up.

**Dalton:** That should not be... without a destination solution you'd just end up smeared out all over. And it doesn't swell from that. I know you guys have tried. 

**Melitez:** And a destination solution would take a supercluster, not something you can typically carry with you.

**Dalton:** Yes yes, I know. So what the hell entered it?

**Melitez:** Not a clue. Both teams got held up when the helos broke.

**Dalton:** They just broke? At the same time?

**Melitez:** Yes, and no. It wasn't at the same time. One was airborne but everyone made it out fine.

**Dalton:** So why not get to the Dimvortex on foot? It's not that risky if you avoid the pattern.

**Melitez:** They got held up. Their report states that some branches "sprouted from the ground" and bound them up. None of this was present by the time the relief team got to them, but they'd suffered some prolonged cold exposure. We thought it might be mass delirium.

**Dalton:** Shit. It was not. We have to call Dennis right now.

**Melitez:** Uhm... what? Alright, be my guest. Hailing now.

**Dalton:** Unavailable.

**Melitez:** Unavailable. Of course.

**Dalton:** ... Could a spectral marker be usable as a destination solution?

**Melitez:** I have no idea what that means.

**Dalton:** I must make another call, you keep trying to get Dennis.

 _

|| **PoI C93200-Abbot-Victor (Deceased)** _

 _

Male of indeterminate age and ethnicity, documented Class 3F thaumaturge affiliated with the Chaos Insurgency. Discovered deceased, lying with its back against a wall, some 35 m from the edge of SCP-8830. Body was found wearing a cloak and hood decorated with thaumic runes and glyphs, all deactivated or otherwise de-energized. Apparent cause of death is severe blunt force trauma to the chest area. _

 _

||

|| **Pencil from a Former Library (Lower Half)** _

 _

Lower half of a wooden pencil taken from a former library, discovered in the left hand of PoI C93200-Abbot-Victor. Measures 61 cm in length, not unlike other similar library utensils. As is well documented with former library pencils, breaking one in half activates its thaumic properties, allowing the library staff to instantaneously teleport short distances in quick succession, and causing deep lacerations in anything (sheet of paper or otherwise) touched by the broken ends of the pencil. The only object documented by DECC within the Exclusion Zone to still retain thaumic properties upon discovery. However, the upper half could not be located, and only its lacerating capability can be used, unless holding both halves of the pencil.   _

  _

||

|| **PoI AP2273-106 (Not Present)** _

 _

Caucasian female, estimated 35 years of age. Was in Foundation custody inside Provisional Containment Site A2273 between 2017 and 2021. Only known anomalous property is a gradual decay of electronic equipment in vicinity of the entity, with the decay effect increasing with proximity. Entity has no known connections with any GoI on record. Following repeated attempts by the Chaos Insurgency to infiltrate Provisional Containment Site A2273, all objects contained within had been moved to an off-world location to reduce economic burden of security measures. PoI AP2273-106 disappeared from Foundation custody on 2021/03/03 along with all objects previously contained at Provisional Containment Site A2273.   _

  _

Discovered within the ocular deathgramOcular deathgrams are a spectral investigative method by which brief visual information, recorded immediately before death, can be extracted from a recently deceased individual. Results vary greatly depending on the individual and exact circumstance of death. of PoI C93200-Abbot-Victor. PoI AP2273-106 is seen standing in an idle posture, wearing what appears to be a cloak entirely made out of various leaves. An additional, dark gray humanoid entity is visible in the deathgram, with its arms raised up and forwards. The entity is too out of focus for further detail to be notable. The body of PoI C93200-Abbot-Victor is flying backwards at high velocity during the deathgram.   _

  _

||

|| **Site-FUNNEL-DRYWELL-7 (Causally Related)** _

 _

FUNNEL-DRYWELL-7 is a subterranean complex in ███████, British Columbia, and is one of [REDACTED] similar sites operated by the Foundation as Dimensional Funnel Traps. Like the other sites, it serves as a strong pathway sink attuned to certain commonly used interdimensional vector keys. When such a key is used with baseline reality as the target, the users will inadvertently get transported to the Funnel Trap location instead of the intended endpoint. FUNNEL-DRYWELL-7 in particular has been successfully used as a trap for known Chaos Insurgency keys since 2011.   _

  _

FUNNEL-DRYWELL-7 last activated at exactly 20:41 MST on 2024/12/05. However, in contrast with a typical activation event, the only material manifesting inside the Funnel Trap was several hundred tons of SCP-8830-B and SCP-8830-A. No object with vector key properties was discovered among the manifested material. Upon investigation, the pathway sink conduits of FUNNEL-DRYWELL-7 were found to now point to an unidentifiable universal coordinate instead of baseline reality. The damage to the sink is thought to be irreversible at this time.   _

  _

||

 _

 _

**Internal DECC communication logs**

**Date:** 2024/12/21

**Participants:**

• Daniel Dalton: DECC Interim Adjutant for SCP-8830

• Francesca Ward: DECC Onsite Forensics Team 

---

**Ward:** Any news from the director?

**Dalton:** No.

**Ward:** He's been unreachable for almost two days now. I don't think he decided to take a sudden vacation. Not even for Christmas.

**Dalton:** Did you manage those RS prints?

**Ward:** Yeah. The yellow Braid wood, the sword, SCP-8830-A, they are all from the same universe. Even the very limited print I got on Minotaur is a 30% match probability. Not the roots around its ankles though. That's local.

**Dalton:** Thanks. That will be all for now, I got an outside lead.

 _

 _

**Private Secure P2P communications log - RAISA Intercept**

**Date:** 2024/12/22

**Participants:**

• Daniel Dalton: DECC Interim Adjutant for SCP-8830

• Istvan Tanczos: Funnel Trap Engineering Group 

---

**Tanczos:** DECC is really up high on my priority list. I wasn't sure how to fulfill your request, so I ripped everything hidden in the FUNNEL-DRYWELL-7 mainframe to check any discrepancies.

**Dalton:** I thought you were a Level 3 Engineer at Funnel Traps.

**Tanczos:** Don't ask, don't tell. Anyway, you might be interested in knowing that there was an incursion into DRYWELL-7 on the 2nd of December. Activated on registered vector key as normal. However, for some reason the on-call Level 3 Engineer obfuscated all activity so it would only be visible to RAISA. And me, now. 

**Dalton:** I'm not sure I want to have this conversation, but to hell with it. So, who was the intercepted package?

**Tanczos:** That I don't know. It gets a lot weirder. I don't think the package ever left the Trap.

**Dalton:** It cannot still be there, Trap's been triggered at least once since then.

**Tanczos:** You're right about that. So, all I really got was an audio recording from inside the chamber. I obviously didn't make a copy of it anywhere, I'm not looking for that much trouble. But I can retell it and then take amnestics, that should cover my ass sufficiently.

**Dalton:** I'm not sure that's accurate, but please go ahead.

**Tanczos:** So, get this, according to the log description, Director Orban entered the chamber - er, sorry, he's the head of DRYWELL among other things. I'm not even sure if Director is his official title, but we go by it. He wasn't really at the site, he was using a shadow projection.

**Dalton:** I thought that stuff was O5 use only.

**Tanczos:** I'm certain that's only almost accurate. Anyway, so the Director had a conversation with the "package".

**Dalton:** Who was it?

**Tanczos:** I don't know, it's only audio, and no identifiers were given. It was at least two people, but the second voice was too distorted to make out anything. And the entire recording kept getting worse as it went on. The chat began with some basic principles about Funnel Traps, rather trivial stuff. Followed by something about a reversing, then optimization of shortcuts, and finally Antarctica was mentioned before it cut off.

**Dalton:** Antarctica? Okay, make sure you remember to take amnestics twice after this conversation.

**Tanczos:** Hah, sensitive topic? 

**Dalton:** I'm just trying to see if three points make a line.

**Tanczos:** That sounds like way above your department as well. In the end that's all that I managed to get, plus telemetry indicating the Trap activated a second time shortly after. Not sure what that could mean. It's not supposed to, not with a package still inside.

    

**Dalton:** You mentioned reversing. Is it possible for a Funnel Trap to be "run in reverse"?

**Tanczos:** Mathematically, every interdimensional path is reversible. If you can crunch the numbers.

**Dalton:** You're the expert.

**Tanczos:** But for a Funnel Trap the transport would have to involve the vector key, and also the outgoing destination location would need to be preset when the Trap was built. You can't change the sinks.

**Dalton:** So, ideally, you'd want it to go to a preset that you can use to then go to as many different locations as possible.

**Tanczos:** A Nexus?

**Dalton:** Right. What about the vector keys for DRYWELL-7? Are they really all Chaos Insurgency?

**Tanczos:** Yes, always have been. That info doesn't even need digging too deep.

**Dalton:** Can you misdirect it? So it still triggers by the vector key, but instead of yourself it redirects something else to the Trap?

**Tanczos:** I have no idea, you'd have to ask someone at dimensional transport. I don't think our department would even care about potential misdirects, since the Funnel Trap is also a great containment chamber in one.

**Dalton:** Now this one's a bit more of a rhetorical, perhaps, but suppose you wanted to travel to, I don't know, another continent, but none of the transportation methods past the 18th century were available to you?

**Tanczos:** I'd take a sail boat, I guess?

**Dalton:** Too slow.

**Tanczos:** Faster than waiting for someone to build a Funnel Trap at my destination. Oh, right, there was one unclassified report originating from roughly the same timestamp, or at least soon after on 2nd of December. It was a janitorial call for removal of foreign material from the Trap floor. Plant material.

**Dalton:** Roots?

**Tanczos:** Er? No. Ferns. A big bush of them, supposedly appeared in the middle.

**Dalton:** Ah. Figures.

**Tanczos:** How so?

**Dalton:** If this thing works anything like the DTCMs, I bet it loves depositing travelers a bit higher off the ground.

**Tanczos:** Yes, that is known behavior. It's considered an acceptable design parameter for Funnel Traps.

**Dalton:** So, you'd want something to cushion your fall.

 _

 _

**Internal DECC communication logs**

**Date:** 2024/12/22

**Participants:**

• Daniel Dalton: DECC Interim Adjutant for SCP-8830

• Esteban Melitez: DECC Adjutant for Antarctic Anomalies 

• Dennis Pintle (mentioned): DECC Director of Operations 

---

**Dalton:** Could you get in touch with our director?

**Melitez:** I thought you heard. Haven't you? He's been declared missing.

**Dalton:** No. Really?

**Melitez:** I wonder what Daisy would think of this.

**Dalton:** But what do you think?

**Melitez:** No clue, that's why. Look, I pulled his MIA Notice from the intranet: "Missing DECC Official: Dennis Orban Pintle". Did you know he had a silly middle name?

**Dalton:** ... There's just no way.

**Melitez:** Pretty funny, isn't it?

**Dalton:** Quite the opposite. Listen, on this note, and I wasn't even sure I wanted to tell you this, but I had a rather fruitful discussion with a fellow from Funnel Traps. So I went over almost every incident report between December 2nd and 5th involving a Nexus.

**Melitez:** That's gotta be at least half of them.

**Dalton:** No kidding. Have a look at this one I picked out for you. I'll wait.

*Approximately 30 seconds pass*

**Melitez:** Motherfucker.

| Incident Entry 2024-4D67-1130 |
| --- |
**Date:** 2024/12/02, approx 1:30 PM local time

**Location:** ██████, ██

Foundation urban operatives started following a string of unusual defects of vehicles, screens and other devices, taking a path through the city streets. The path originated near a heavily frequented Three Portlands exitway, and eventually ended at SCP-1130 containment. Operatives were no more than five minutes behind the front of the path, but did not reach SCP-1130 in time. Onsite security personnel had been disabled by the appearance of various small branches and roots, and SCP-1130 had been activated by an unknown foreign entity. SCP-1130 had been activated in a previously not seen manner, with a different interface appearing on its touchscreen, where geographic coordinates could be entered. Apparently, SCP-1130 froze during dispensing of directions, as this screen had remained unresponsive for several hours before resetting itself.

The coordinates displayed on screen were: 79°46'52.5"S 83°18'29.0"W

During the incident, an individual identified as Chaos Insurgency member was apprehended by operatives. After capture, the individual admitted to attempting to follow the same path, in pursuit of someone, but could not provide a name or any other detail.

 _

 _

 _

**SCP-8830 Frontside Office telephone call**

**Date:** 2024/12/24

**Participants:**

• Francesca Ward: DECC Onsite Forensics Team 

• Esteban Melitez: DECC Adjutant for Antarctic Anomalies 

• Daniel Dalton (mentioned): DECC Interim Adjutant for SCP-8830

---

**Melitez:** Francesca? Why are you picking up at the office?

**Ward:** It's the 24th, genius. Most admin staff already took off. Thought I'd fill in while I wait on the cluster workload. Actually, it's the Dimvortex job Daniel suggested. Almost done contrasting those fluctuation patterns you sent us, with the sequence of one of the spectral markers we found. Should be done within the hour.

**Melitez:** That can wait. I just saw an MIA Notice posted for Daniel. Is he not there?

**Ward:** What? He just clocked out a few hours ago. They can't consider him missing without at least 24 hours of no contact. Did you try calling him?

**Melitez:** Unavailable. First the director, now him. Something must be up.

**Ward:** Felt weird about it ever since the director. You know what Daisy said? Probably just typical Christmas crazyness. Few days and suddenly a lot of people will no longer be missing, like always.

**Melitez:** Really? No, this stinks. On top of it all, my Abbot clearance request got summarily rejected. I didn't expect it to be a problem. What's the last thing Daniel told you at work?

**Ward:** Said he wants to meet someone from dimensional transport in person.

**Melitez:** Damnit, reporting yourself as missing is not how you go off-grid! This is a bad idea. Probably his DRYWELL stuff. Well, I'm not gonna reach him until he wants to be found.

**Ward:** But if he really did report himself, that would just prove Daisy right. Again... By the way, you shouldn't even know about DRYWELL without Abbot.

**Melitez:** Yeah, yeah. Alright, get me that contrast report as soon as you're done.

**Ward:** I'd have to run it by Daniel first...

**Melitez:** To hell with that. He's officially declared MIA. Dimvortex is my project so I'm next in line.

**Ward:** Fine, I guess.

**Melitez:** And you be careful.

**Ward:** I'm just a tech. If anyone's going MIA next it's you.

**Melitez:** Well then start following those intranet notifications for my name.

**Ward:** Why? I'll probably find out from you anyway.

 _

> - Err: Invalid File St&a^#E@... WARNING - RAISA EYES ONLY

> - Unauthorized access detected. Initiating data pur- 

> - EXTERNAL OVERRIDE VALIDATED...

> - Decrypting... -/- 300 sec until data purge.

 _

 _

**Funnel Trap Chamber Audio/Video recording log**

**Date:** 2024/12/24

**Recording:** D. Orban

**Present in Footage:**

• Daniel Dalton: DECC Interim Adjutant for SCP-8830, currently presumed MIA 

• Istvan Tanczos: Funnel Trap Engineering Group 

• Brian Thorpe: Head of Research, Dimensional Development, currently presumed MIA

---

*Interim Adjutant Dalton is seen awakening on the floor. Tanczos is standing next to him, while Thorpe is sitting on the floor slightly further.*

**Dalton:** My head...

**Tanczos:** Oh good, you're awake too.

**Thorpe:** Did we just get transported here?

**Dalton:** No, we were drugged. At least I was. I can tell.

**Thorpe:** This is a Funnel Trap.

**Tanczos:** Yep. I've been awake for maybe ten minutes now, and nobody has announced themselves from the outside.

*Interim Adjutant Dalton looks around for a few seconds.*

**Dalton:** This is actually DRYWELL-7.

**Tanczos:** How can you tell? They all look the same to me.

**Dalton:** Look at the observation cameras and the wirings. They had all been recently replaced. And there's a bit of freshly dried concrete patch in the middle of the floor.

**Tanczos:** In that case, we are screwed.

**Dalton:** Yep.

**Thorpe:** What do you mean? This is a Funnel Trap. It draws portals in, and nothing goes out. At some point someone's gotta check in and open those doors. Unless they all went for vacation.

**Dalton:** This one's had its sink conduits recently changed.

**Thorpe:** That should not be physically possible.

**Dalton:** Not deliberately. But SCP-8830 did it somehow.

**Thorpe:** Then the Trap is still an endpoint. It just points to some other universe instead of here. Which, admittedly, means we really couldn't have been transported here.

**Tanczos:** Funnel Traps are reversible. 

**Thorpe:** In theory.

**Tanczos:** In practice, about three weeks ago.

**Dalton:** So, you've done some homework.

**Thorpe:** But then it really makes no sense. How can you reverse a path going out from here, if it isn't really going out from here, but from another universe?

*Thorpe walks up and down the floor for approximately one minute. The other two participants are silent.*

**Dalton:** I think I understand it. But I will need your opinion on this. How long does it take for one of your DTCMs to actually perform the trip, once dialed in?

**Thorpe:** The transport is instantaneous but there is a windup of about fifteen seconds. It takes a lot of energy.

**Dalton:** And what would happen if, during this windup, you changed not the destination, but the source coordinates? 

**Thorpe:** How?

**Dalton:** Suppose you were going from Universe B to Universe A, but within proximity of the DTCM there was an entity, or multiple, from Universe C, that could act as a source anchor?

**Thorpe:** It would take a lot of energy.

**Dalton:** Thaumic energy?

**Thorpe:** It's as good as any, if you know what you're doing. It would first have to open an unstable dimensional rift between Universes B and C, the source ones, to connect them. 

**Dalton:** Such rifts are almost never safely traversible.

**Thorpe:** That's right. But in this case, you would then be sucked into this rift, sort of like... a funnel. And immediately shot at your original destination of Universe A, like out of a cannon. Leaving a hole - or barrel, for the analogy - in your wake. Ah, I think I'm getting there too now.

**Dalton:** And could this barrel remain open afterwards?

**Thorpe:** It should be commensurate with the amount of energy expended, but yes, there would be a safe two-way traversible path between A and C for a while. So this is what happened with SCP-8830 then?

**Dalton:** That's my working theory.

**Thorpe:** But why would one do this?

**Dalton:** What if you wanted to go to Universe C, but you didn't have the dimensional coordinates? All you had available, right there next to you, is things that happen to originate from C.

**Thorpe:** Ah. That sounds weirdly reasonable. Perhaps you could even go directly home from anywhere, by using yourself as the source anchor. However, the C endpoint isn't well-defined. Who knows where exactly you would end up.

**Dalton:** Anyway, I think we're about to find out.

**Thorpe:** What exactly?

*Tanczos, who had so far been silent, cuts into the discussion.*

**Tanczos:** The Funnel Trap. When reversed, the source point is here but actually somewhere else. Universe C.

**Dalton:** What about the vector key? I don't think either of us is one.

**Tanczos:** Had a look-around while the two of you were asleep. That there is a coffee table with a white marble on it. It's obviously not part of the Funnel Trap itself.

**Thorpe:** And would this be the windup noise?

**Tanczos:** Yeah, the sinks sound like that when intercepting an incoming port as well.

**Thorpe:** I wonder what it will look like.

**Tanczos:** I'm more concerned about what will be on the other side.

**Dalton:** I'm really hoping for a fern cushion.

**Thorpe:** A what?

*At this moment the Funnel Trap activates and voids itself of contents.*

<< [SCP-8829](SCP-8829) | SCP-8830 | [SCP-8831](SCP-8831) >>

[!~~ N/A (No Images)  ~~]
