**Item #:** SCP-8587

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8587 is to be left at its original location. Any attempt to displace SCP-8587 will be met with no resistance from personnel and is actively encouraged.

**Description:** SCP-8587 is a rusted two-step folding ladder resting in the backyard of a home residence in ███████, Quebec. The object is unable to be moved, but still experiences physical effects of the environment such as cuts, and lost screws. Its legs remain mostly unharmed.

**Discovery:** SCP-8587 appeared in the home's backyard during winter of 2020. The residents ~~ a nuclear family of 6 ~~ only noticed the anomaly in spring of the same year. SCP-8587 was left in this area until 2025 -- where after 5 storms3 of which being snowstorms, and 2 being thunderstorms featuring heavy winds had hit the town, it was noted to have not been disturbed by the wind like the objects around it.

The residents attempted to move SCP-8587 themselves, but failed. Neighbours cited the family saying the object did not wish to go anywhere else. This led them to calling the home estate company to look and see if this was due to the ladder's legs being stuck further in the ground. The company dug under it, only for the ladder to continue floating in its exact position.

Reports from neighbours after the event detail hearing a loud screech from the mother of the household, then her voice begging towards the ladder to leave its spot.

Once Foundation personnel reached the scene, it was found that the family left the home in a hurry. Neighbours and the home estate company were interviewed before being amnesticized using Class A amnestics. Attempts made by staff to move the ladder themselves proved ineffective, thus the building was purchased as a containment unit for SCP-8587 and was opened for free usage by personnel.

The actions taken by the family during and after the event have been deemed non-anomalous.

<< [SCP-8586](SCP-8586) | SCP-8587 | [SCP-8588](SCP-8588) >>

> **Filename:** stepladder

> **Name:** Step_Ladder

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC by SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [SCP Foundation Wiki](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-8587)
