=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8636

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8636 from -1 to -7 are currently allocated in a singular humanoid Type-C containment suite on their request; the containment chamber is equipped with separated beds and amenities for all seven occupants. Any (reasonable) requests for personal items or modifications to the suite's furniture will be granted upon approval; no particular requests have been made thus far.

**Description:** SCP-8636 refers to a group of seven humanoid entities, resembling the appearance of children of both gender and variable ages. Each instance is characterized by a golden-painted wooden mask of a different animal; said masks do not exhibit notable anomalous traits, and SCP-8636's instances are perfectly capable of removing them at any moment if asked to. *"Those were gifts, simple tokens of appreciation, given to all of us. I can't speak for the others; when I opened my eyes, I was already wearing this. When we found each other, they helped us recognize the others as... similar, I guess."* -- SCP-8636-6's only response when asked about said masks. No other information has been provided. Whether the entities possess more knowledge or not is uncertain. 

<details>
<summary>Informative Document: SCP-8636 instances description</summary>

* **SCP-8636-1:** Male, nine years old, medium-length brown hair, hazel eyes. Wears a mouse mask, with black lines traced along the cheeks originating from the eyes. Exhibits four large scars on the low abdomen, attributable to stab wounds. Identifies as "Muis" or, alternatively, "Crawler".

* **SCP-8636-2:** Female, eleven years old, long blonde hair, blue eyes. Wears a goat mask, missing most of the right horn; the remaining stump presents black stains. Exhibits numerous hematomas and fractures on her arms and torso. Identifies as "Geit" or, alternatively, "Runner".

* **SCP-8636-3:** Male, ten years old, long black hair, grey eyes. Wears a crow mask, with a notably sharp beak. Exhibits a long oblique scar on their visage, from under the right eye to left cheek. Considerable the only aggressive member of the group, if menaced and/or provoked, or if other instances were to be treated in such manner. Identifies as "Wuya" or, alternatively, "Watcher".

* **SCP-8636-4:** Male, twelve years old, short brown hair, brown eyes. Wears a rabbit mask with an irregular black stain on the left eye, vaguely resembling a paw print. Exhibits a large hematoma around his neck. Identifies as "Nyul" or, alternatively, "Hopper".

* **SCP-8636-5:** Female, eight years old, long copper hair, green eyes. Wears a tiger mask, partially damaged by numerous scratches and black marks. The entity's body exhibits similar lacerations (undefined weapon or cause). Reportedly protective towards the other instances if they were to be menaced and/or provoked. Identifies as "Tora" or, alternatively, "Scratcher".

* **SCP-8636-6:** Male, thirteen years old, medium-length copper hair, green eyes. Wears a deer mask, the antlers of which resemble tree branches, with foliage and floral decorations. Exhibits a long and partially stitched scar (possibly as a result of a previous autopsy). Acts as a "leader" for the other instances, who tend to obey his orders. Identifies as "Venison" or, alternatively, "Ruler".

* **SCP-8636-7:** Female, nine years old, long black hair, green eyes. Wears a snake mask, with black teeth and floral drawings surrounding the eyes. Exhibits numerous abrasions and burns, some of which are wrapped with roughly-made bandages. Identifies as "Baem" or, alternatively, "Slither".

</details>

SCP-8636's scars cannot be removed, for any attempt to alter the instances' bodies through surgery (including the complete removal of the interested section) will be reverted within a maximum of four hours, restoring the entity's original appearance; notably, all SCP-8636 instances declare themselves incapable of perceiving physical discomfort, which made anesthesia unnecessary during said tests.

SCP-8636's instances do not seem to age; although their behavior is usually coherent with their apparent age and nature, all entities do not actually need sustenance or rest. All entities will eat, sleep and act coherently anyways, but won't protest nor question if actively prevented to do so. SCP-8636's original identities are still matter of research; three possible matches, coherent with age, physical appearance and death cause (instances -2, -5 and -6) have been currently found. No anomalous details about their lives prior to their death were uncovered. The reason behind their anomalous nature remains uncertain.

Lastly, all SCP-8636's instances exhibit a complete lack of cerebral activity; despite being fully sapient and capable of reasoning, moving and acting identically to a normal human being, the anomalies' brains are entirely devoid of any measurable activity, though lacking any pathological symptoms or damages.

<< [SCP-8635](SCP-8635) | SCP-8636 | [SCP-8637](SCP-8637) >>
