**Item #:** SCP-8772

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** As the containment of SCP-8772 would impair the operational capabilities of Overwatch Command, it is not to be attempted. All personnel transferred to Site-01 are to be briefed on the phenomenon's nature; each manifestation is to be reviewed accordingly as a separate case.

**Description:** SCP-8772 refers to a series of loosely related paranormal phenomena resulting in the regular but temporary shifting of Site-01's layout, environment, and composition. Most often, it manifests as the addition or removal of the building's rooms and physical traits, such as the sudden appearance of nonexistent doors and corridors, or the changing of the structure's composite materials or features.

The changes manifested as a result of SCP-8772 will without fail dissipate, The shortest change has lasted 30 seconds; the longest 29 years.  though no singular throughline could be established between each appearance.

It is believed that SCP-8772 is the inherent and unalterable result of the nature of Site-01's structural past as well as the Foundation's *modus operandi* at large.

**Addendum 8772-1:** Notable Past SCP-8772 Manifestations

* ****Manifestation #140** (27 hours):** The appearance of sounds of hammers striking against metal behind the Archival Wing. Audio regularly interrupted by sounds of tired voices speaking and grunting to one another. _

 _

**Solution:** The Archival Wing is to be equipped with a sound system; it is to play calming music during subsequent manifestations.

* ****Manifestation #194** (28 months, 7 days):** The revision of several documents printed inside the Office of Clearance Management to include the names of personnel with no record of employment at the Foundation replacing the names of the actual, high-ranking staff. _

 _

**Solution:** All documents handled at the OCM are to be stored both digitally and physically and are to be manually checked for any changes post-printing; the flawed documentation is to be incinerated.

* ****Manifestation #237** (4 years, 2 months):** The appearance of several heavy metal doorways inconsistent with the technical layout of the facility in its subterranean levels, with sounds of loud, agitated banging coming from the inside, often accompanied by the distant sounds of machinery and heavy breathing. _

 _

**Solution:** Personnel operating in the facility's technical crawlspace are to carry layouts of the building and cross-reference each hallway they enter against the printouts; they are to ignore all voices coming from inside the doorways.

* ****Manifestation #386** (15 years):** The clogging of all pipes underneath the Site by an unidentified, corporeal, and audibly moving mass; all water consequently dyed a dull, rusty brown. _

 _

**Solution:** All Site restrooms are to store electrolyte solutions; all Site kettles are to be opaque; all scientific personnel are prohibited from accessing technical segments of the facility.

* ****Manifestation #514** (17 years, 5 months):** The appearance of wounds around the eyes, hands, and feet of scientific personnel on-Site. The wounds range from minor to life-threatening and do not respond to standard treatment. _

 _

**Solution:** The medical treatment of personnel is to be viewed as a sub-directive to maintaining primary facility operational efficiency. Affected personnel are to be treated to seminars held by the office of O5-2 regarding living with lifelong injuries.

* ****Manifestation #649** (21 years, 10 months, 8 days):** The manifestation of dark red bricks behind failing plaster in the Level 5 cafeteria; attempts to ignore changes impossible due to appearance of thick, dark liquid mortar leaking into surrounding construction. _

 _

**Solution:** All walls in spaces reserved for Level 4+ personnel are to be examined weekly for changes and, if necessary, painted over.

* ****Manifestation #715** (27 years, 10 months):** The contamination of the air in the Planning Office with the indistinct smell of iron and chemical compounds without an apparent source, felt stronger around the corridors leading to the Overseer Complex. _

 _

**Solution:** All desks in the PO are to be equipped with appropriate sprays to dissipate the smell.

* ****Manifestation #793** (29 years, still continuously persistent):** The sudden and continuous appearance of unidentified human corpses manifesting on unoccupied beds inside the Infirmary and Personnel Housing Wings of the facility. All corpses lack a head; their hands are either similarly missing or mangled beyond recognition. _

 _

**Solution:** When not in use, all beds located within the Site are to be either folded or otherwise occupied by mundane items to prevent further manifestations. All recovered bodies are to be incinerated upon retrieval, bypassing the standard corpse identification procedure.

* ****Manifestation #969** (unknown; still continuously persistent):** The manifestation of several shadows of ethereal, humanoid figures in the unlit sections of the O5 Council Meeting room. Though silent and immobile, the figures all remain focused on O5 personnel, shifting their orientation in accordance with the movement of the Council members. _

 _

**Solution:** The O5 Council is to remain operational without change; all newly-appointed members are to be instructed to focus solely on their operational duties during the meetings.

= << [SCP-8771](SCP-8771) | SCP-8772 | [SCP-8773](SCP-8773) >>

=====

> **Filename:** abandoned.jpg

> **Name:** Abandoned Tire Factory.jpg

> **Author:** Ray McSavaney

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Abandoned_Tire_Factory.jpg)

> **Filename:** sublevel.jpg

> **Name:** Carls stoll Bergslagssafari.jpg

> **Author:** Calle Eklund/Vivo

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Carls_stoll_Bergslagssafari.jpg)

> **Additional Notes:** Edited by 

> **Filename:** subsublevel.png

> **Name:** Lost Tunnel - In Darkness

> **Author:** Kecko

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Openverse](https://openverse.org/image/8df6bc8f-2df3-4360-8461-a57c6ba9737a?q=tunnel&p=270)

> **Additional Notes:** Edited by 

=====
