=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8402

**Object Class:** Hippocrates

**Special Containment Procedures:** Procedures are temporary until it can be discerned whether SCP-8402 is a citizen of the United States. It is currently quartered at Site-19 in personnel housing as it has not displayed any sign of hostility. There are currently no research leads that suggest a means of reversing SCP-8402's condition.

**Description:** SCP-8402 was discovered living in Washington's Hoh Rainforest in 1998 and moved to Site-19 shortly thereafter. While it is known to be a human or near-human, many details about it are unknown due to an anomaly that impedes direct and indirect observation of it. The explanation currently favored by researchers is that these observations cannot be recalled except when the observer is able to establish a connection between the observed feature of SCP-8402 and themselves or someone they are close to.

An exception to SCP-8402's anomaly is the thin coating of hypnum moss (*Hypnum cupressiforme*) growing from its back, shoulders, and upper arms; as this is one of the only universally observable traits of SCP-8402, staff typically refer to the entity as "Mossback". All additional information about SCP-8402, including that provided below, is considered tentative.

SCP-8402's stature is estimated at 6'0" to 6'4", and its weight is about 300-350 lbs; this has been confirmed by several particularly large and muscular personnel. While it has been seen walking, it typically locomotes by crawling on all fours, as attested by personnel with very young children, though it has some difficulty keeping up with personnel who walk briskly.

The entity is non-hostile, as evidenced by the lack of perceived hostility even by habitually violent or aggressive observers. It often follows certain personnel (primarily [Dr. Wisp](scp-9560 ), who is notably fond of the entity) as they go about their duties, and may cling to their arms or legs when it feels affectionate or frightened.

SCP-8402 has a strong, distinctly earthy scent; given the cleanliness of its living quarters and the general lack of dirt on-site, this is assumed to be a property of the entity's biology. This may or may not be related to the moss covering on SCP-8402's back, which has its own scent.

It is currently unclear whether SCP-8402 is capable of speech or writing. Given the proposed nature of its anomaly, the lack of evidence for verbal communication may indicate actual non-communication, or simply that SCP-8402 speaks a language with which none of the personnel on-site are familiar. Other aspects that remain unknown are SCP-8402's age, sex, and facial features, suggesting that the entity is meaningfully different from all available personnel with regards to these characteristics.

While SCP-8402's emotions can sometimes be read from its facial expressions (even if the features themselves cannot be discerned) or body language, this is not always the case. Personnel have yet to identify any signs of prolonged stress or dissatisfaction from SCP-8402, nor do its living quarters present any cause for concern.

SCP-8402 will wear pants and undergarments when they are provided; its tendency to crawl renders shoes unnecessary, though it will sometimes wear slippers. It consistently refuses to wear a shirt, presumably as a consequence of its distaste for having its back touched in any capacity; this is tolerated, as SCP-8402's moss remaining visible makes it easier for personnel to discern its presence.

= << [SCP-8401](SCP-8401) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-8403](SCP-8403) >>

> **Filename:** mossback.jpg

> **Author:** Antoine Coypel

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** [The Louvre](http://arts-graphiques.louvre.fr/detail/oeuvres/22/11856-Un-homme-renverse-la-face-contre-terre-sappuyant-sur-les-deux-mains-max)
