Item class: Thaumiel

Containment procedures: A containment cell containing Christian objects and access to leave his containment cell when he wishes especially during another anomalies' containment breach at site 18.

Description: 8648 also called The Guider is a 6 ft. 5 in. male that often wears a black cloak, and has dark brown hair and yellow eyes, he is often carrying around a kerosene lantern and a dagger. 8648 is known to help others and will help researchers that need it. 8648 was founded when a researcher went missing and several days later returned saying that a fog formed around him and he followed a light in the fog and it brought him to site 18. MTF went out looking for 8648 and found him in the woods sitting on a stump. 8648 gave no resistance against the MTF taking him to the site.

Tests have shown that when someone is lost near 8648 he becomes aware of where they are and he goes to them and at this moment they will be called 8648-1. 8648 will find them, cause all light to dim except his lantern, cause a fog, and lead them 2 yards from where they were standing and they will find what they're looking for. 8648 has been noted to become violent with those he consider, "drenched in sin," were 8648 won't lead or allow them to enter his light and if they force their way in he kills them with the dagger. 8648 has noted that he himself isn't the anomaly but instead is the lantern which is said to be, "the tear of God." Tests with D class that have grabbed the lantern have been shown that if they have repented they feel go from the light but those that haven't feel a force pushing them out and when they grab the lantern the drop dead on the spot. 

8648 says that only those that God wants with little sin may touch the lantern without death. More testing also shows that they can help contain some anomalies by leading them then instantly teleporting them back to their containment cell. More testing will be needed to find the limit on his range.
