**Item #:** SCP-8422

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** An electric fence has been constructed around SCP-8422, as well as a series of signs declaring it as a restricted area. 

All exploration of the facility has been forbidden by the O5 Council.

**Description:** SCP-8422 is a three-story concrete building, located on the eastern coast of California. External markings label the structure as "Debra Audrey's Children's Hospital", however it appears to have been abandoned for a prolonged period of time.

The interior of SCP-8422 is arranged appropriately for a hospital. The decorum is noticeably aged, featuring antique furniture and outdated medical equipment, consistent with that of the 1920s and 1930s. It is in a similar state of decay as the exterior, showing signs of heavy vandalism and extreme water damage. The top floor of SCP-8422 is notably more barren than the rest of the structure. Documents found throughout dictate it as employee-only offices, however it appears to have been stripped-down at some point prior to the building's abandonment.

A concealed metal hatch bearing the SCP Foundation insignia was discovered in a broom closet on the ground floor, however it appears to have been welded shut.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

Below is a 50m deep access shaft, connecting the main body of SCP-8422 to the surface facade.

Directly below the hospital is an extensive subterranean facility, comprised of six descending levels, connected by a single freight elevator. The structure follows a similar layout to many Foundation sites, implying it was constructed to perform a number of functions. The top three levels are furnished similarly to the the building above, however the latter three adhere to a much bleaker, brutalist design. The entire facility is in an advanced state of decay.

**Addendum 8422.1:** Facility Layout

**Floor #:** 1

**Description:** The top level of SCP-8422 appears to have originally acted as staff housing. It is comprised of 10 parallel hallways, connected by an additional hallway at each end. Each hallway has 20 rooms; 9 dormitories on each side, plus a communal kitchen and bathroom.

Each dorm follows the same layout, with two bunk beds, as well as a writing desk and a set of lockers. The dorms are almost entirely bare, save for a few smaller items such as books and writing utensils.

There are several instances of discarded/rotting food throughout the floor, as if residents vacated the building halfway through a meal.

**Floor #:** 2

**Description:** The second level of SCP-8422 appears to have originally acted as the site bureau. It is comprised of a single hallway, with two rooms on each side. The first two are simple offices, with furniture, papers and vintage typewriters haphazardly scattered across the floor.

The third room appears to have once acted as a kind of conference room, with several chairs positioned around a large central table. A world map is hung on the far wall, with a number of tacks annotating specific locations across the globe. The marked locations are noted below:

* [Matanuska-Susitna Borough, Alaska](scp-7790)

* [Death Valley National Park, California](scp-6997)

* [Athol, Massachusetts](scp-7126)

* [Attica, New York](scp-7253)

* [Kidney, New York](red-pool-superfund-site)

* [Horace, North Dakota](scp-7161)

* [Kenton, Oklahoma](scp-5806)

* [Philadelphia, Pennsylvania](scp-7106)

* [Scranton, Pennsylvania](scp-7379)

* [Seattle, Washington](scp-7313)

* [Minsk, Belarus](scp-9790)

* [Edmonton, Canada](scp-5689)

* [Laurentian Mountains, Canada](scp-8354)

* [Yellowknife, Canada](scp-6082)

* [London, England](scp-3790) 

* [Oxford, England](scp-6940)

* [Aachen, Germany](scp-6518)

* [Northeast Greenland National Park, Greenland](scp-7719-ex)

* [Negev desert, Israel](scp-5709)

* [Siena, Italy](scp-2678)

* [Hashima Island, Japan](scp-3220)

* [Chihuahuan Desert, Mexico](scp-es-243)

* [Poznań, Poland](scp-7472)

* [Făgăraș Mountains, Romania](in-the-carpathians)

* [Yamalia, Russia](scp-6371)

* [Hsinchu City, Taiwan](scp-zh-418)

* [Pripyat, Ukraine](scp-4099)

* [Antarctica](scp-5988) [(x2)](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/log-of-unexplained-locations#:~:text=Unexplained%20Location%20UE%2D315520)

* [Area-6845](scp-6845)

* [Site-01](scp-7188)

* [Site-04](scp-6071)

* [Site-11](scp-8096)

* [Site-18](scp-5371)

* [Site-19](scp-7277)

* [Site-58](scp-6219)

* [Site-77](scp-5812)

* [Site-87](scp-6787)

* [Site-140](scp-5815)

The fourth room seems to have acted as the Site's center of control. The room is lined with various panels, meters, gauges and pipes. On the far wall, there is an array of radio equipment underneath a number of monitors. 

Only one of the monitors was still operational, showing a live feed of a barren, rocky expanse with a large circular object visible over the horizon. The word "Hello?" is written in rocks across the ground. The circular object was later determined to be the planet Jupiter.

**Floor #:** 3

**Description:** The third level is notably more barren than the top two. Its 14 rooms are stripped almost completely bare, with broken equipment and loose papers scattered throughout. The running theory is that the floor was originally used as the site's science department.

Interestingly some of the rooms show traces of controlled fires, with burn marks on all nearby materials, as well as scorch marks on the ground and walls. This, combined with water damage has rendered the few recovered documents almost entirely illegible. A transcript of what could be made out is written below:

> ...reacted poorly to anesthetic…

> ...forced to terminate...

> ...increased police activity...

> ...tranquilizers...[BURNED]...negation of empathic energy...

**Floor #:** 4

**Description:** The fourth level is comprised of a single corridor, with fifteen rooms on each side. Each chamber has a heavy steel door, fitted with an external locking mechanism. Interestingly, several of the chambers appear to have been cleared out, with twelve remaining sealed.

A visual description of the contents of each sealed chamber can be read below:

> **Room One**

> **Placard Name:** Scarlette

> **Description:** A red leather jacket is hung from a hook on the far wall.

> **Room Two**

> **Placard Name:** Bad Dog

> **Description:** An adult German Shepherd sits blindfolded, facing away from the door. 

> **Room Three**

> **Placard Name:** (No placard.)

> **Description:** The sliding panel is welded shut. Gentle knocking can occasionally be heard from inside.

> **Room Four**

> **Placard Name:** Voynich

> **Description:** An unidentified species of flowering plant sits in a pot in the back of the room. Observers have reported headaches after prolonged viewing.

> **Room Five**

> **Placard Name:** Old Soul

> **Description:** A vintage Macintosh computer lies on the ground at the back of the chamber. Its screen appears to be displaying something, however the details can not be made out.

> **Room Six**

> **Placard Name:** Healthy

> **Description:** The room is bathed in dim red light. A shapeless organic mass lays writhing on the floor.

> **Room Seven** 

> **Placard Name:** Vacancy

> **Description:** The room is cast in a homely warm glow. The chamber walls are lined with vintage yellow wallpaper, with a carpeted floor. A small desk and wooden chair can be seen in the far corner, with a wood-framed bed with white sheets on the other side. The room appears to be completely untouched by the decay affecting the rest of the facility.

> **Room Eight**

> **Placard Name:** The Eternal Hunger

> **Description:** A dark grey object, resembling a human skull, sits on a pedestal in the center of the room. Its features are noticeably sharper than that of a baseline human, with two tree-branch like growths sprouting out of its top. Researchers have reported faint sounds of whispering coming from inside the chamber.

> **Room Nine**

> **Placard Name:** Things Better Left Unsaid

> **Description:** The edges of the chamber are entirely cast in shadow. A single red party balloon floats in a beam of light in the center of the room.

> **Room Ten**

> **Placard Name:** (No placard. A crude smiling face has been etched into the door.)

> **Description:** The chamber is unlit.

> **Room Eleven**

> **Placard Name:** Asherah's Tears

> **Description:** A podium rests in the center of the room. On top sits a metal rack, holding a single vial of dark, glittering liquid.

> **Room Twelve**

> **Placard Name:** Just a Call Away

> **Description:** A black rotary phone sits on a table in the middle of the room. A hollow Foundation sigil, overlapped with a capital letter 'A' is emblazoned in gold in the center of the dial.

**Floor #:** 5

**Description:** The fifth level's layout is similar to that of the fourth level, albeit shorter. Additionally, the doors to the chambers are constructed from noticeably denser metal, each fitted with more complex locking mechanisms. This level also appears to have been cleared out at some point; of its twenty chambers, only eight remain sealed. 

A visual description of the contents of each sealed chamber can be read below:

> **Room One**

> **Placard Name:** Story of Your Life

> **Description:** The chamber is filled with a dense fog. A dark shape can be made out at the back of the room.

> **Room Two**

> **Placard Name:** (In place of a typical inscription, the number '5' is frantically carved over and over again.)

> **Description:** The room appears to be empty.

> **Room Three**

> **Placard Name:** The Grand Canyon Anomaly

> **Description:** A large sphere of polished black rock floats in the center of the chamber. There are a ring of carvings around its diameter, however they do not match any symbols recognized by the Foundation.

> **Room Four**

> **Placard Name:** (Lettering has been scratched out and rendered unreadable.)

> **Description:** A **##green|figure##** sits slumped against the far wall, with a black sheet covering **##green|them##**. All that can be seen of their body is a pair of thin, pale hands, bound at the wrists by a set of chains affixed to the walls.

> **Room Five**

> **Placard Name:** (No placard.)

> **Description:** A hooded individual in white robes is hung from the ceiling by a noose. They are swinging, as if effected by a gentle breeze. Shards of broken porcelain lie on the ground beneath them.

> **Room Six**

> **Placard Name:** Hesione

> **Description:** A large metal casket is stood against the far wall. 

> **Room Seven**

> **Placard Name:** (Markings on the door imply placard was forcefully pried off.)

> **Description:** In place of a chamber, the door appears to open into a long, unlit tunnel. A single flickering light can be seen in the distance.

> **Room Eight**

> **Placard Name:** The Honest Truth

> **Description:** Viewport is obscured.

**Floor #:** 6

**Description:** The final floor of SCP-8422 is the largest by far. It is comprised of a single small room, overlooking a gigantic cylindrical chamber. A colossal mechanism of unclear function takes up the entirety of the chamber floor. Eight large metal capsules, each appearing to be filled with an unknown blue liquid, are arranged at equal distances around the edge of the room. There are a number of pipes and tubes jutting out of each pod, feeding into a spire-like structure at the center of the room. 

The smaller room appears to have acted as a kind of control deck for the device. There are rows of consoles across each wall, each covered in a variety of switches, dials and monitors. Near the back of the room there are three large gauges, labelled "POTENTIAL", "CORRUPTION", AND "ANGUISH" respectively. The chamber is accessible from the deck via a metal staircase, however the door to the staircase has been welded shut.

On initial discovery, the body of an adult male was found sat in a chair, in front of the deck's observation window. It was in a heavy state of decomposition, making the cause of death difficult to determine, however the presence of a pistol on the ground nearby implied it to be self-inflicted. A handwritten note was found in a drawer beside the body, the contents of which are transcribed below:

> We thought we knew it all, that we were the masters of our own reality. But then we saw behind the veil and all we knew is that we were nothing.

> 

> And in our fear we created an atrocity.

> 

> If anyone ever reads this, I beg you turn back, leave these poor souls to rest. If you belong to the Foundation, then I'll see you in Hell. 

> 

The signature was traced to a Dr Ezekiel Yarn, the subject of a local missing persons case in the early 1900s. There are no records of this individual ever having worked for the Foundation.

@@@@

@@@@

<details>
<summary>Other works by this author</summary>

| %%title_linked%% | Rating: %%Rating%% |
| --- | --- |
</details>

< [SCP-8421](SCP-8421) | SCP-8422 | [SCP-8423](SCP-8423) >

> **Filename:** Alcatraz outside (2012).jpg

> **Name:** alcatrazjpg

> **Author:** Bigmacthealmanac

> **License:** CC BY-SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Alcatraz_Outside_11.JPG

> **Filename:** Asylum hall

> **Name:** lower.png

> **Author:** Mike

> **License:** CC BY-ND 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/7687126@N06/4047474021

> **Filename:** Darkened School

> **Name:** school.jpg

> **Author:** Denise Krebs

> **License:** CC BY-ND 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/56041749@N02/6884177881

> **Filename:** The dark hallway of the IT department at Jimma University

> **Name:** hallway.jpg

> **Author:** Stijn Debrouwere

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/50289700@N04/6242736337

> **Filename:** 2012-07-22 Gedenkstaette Berlin-Hohenschoenhausen KGB Speziallager 01 anagoria.JPG

> **Name:** small.png

> **Author:** Anagoria

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:2012-07-22_Gedenkstaette_Berlin-Hohenschoenhausen_KGB_Speziallager_01_anagoria.JPG

> **Filename:** Submarine Cells HDR

> **Name:** heavyduty.png

> **Author:** Sebastian Niedlich

> **License:** CC BY-NC-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/42311564@N00/2911055681

> **Filename:** Control room

> **Name:** control.jpg

> **Author:** Michal Janček

> **License:** CC BY-NC-ND 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/soho42/8115749861/

> **Filename:** Signature2.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/
