:root {

  --header-title: "R\0026 C SITE-43";

  --header-subtitle: "SURVIVE ● CONSERVE ● PERSIST";

  --accent: 255, 34, 67;

  ~~head-font: var(~~ui-font);

  --timeDelay: 1s;

}

=====

=====

---

@@ @@

| Welcome, Director Reynders. |
| --- |
| = You are currently viewing a document from [TL-5956-X](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5956) ("The Paradox-Timeline"). |
@@ @@

---

**SPECIAL CONTAINMENT PROCEDURES:** All reflective surfaces and materials at Site-43 have been either rendered opaque, or manually scratched to the point of diminishment. Or are stored under strict containment.  A majority of the glass fixtures have either been removed or disposed of. In cases that removal is impossible, these fixtures are to be upkept to ensure a permanent fog which obscures all reflections. 

Any and all mirrors present within the Site are to be removed and abated. 

Individuals assigned to STF Gamma-43 ("Random Walks") are to remain vigilant for any reflection risks that often arise in the wake of SCP-001's yearly reoccurrences, or any possibly hazardous spills/damage to existing structures as to eliminate the risk of SCP-8956 manifesting. 

All surviving staff are to keep Solution 001-A on their person at all times. This fluid is to be administered to the eyes at four-hour intervals.

*Note from Health and Pathology* 

 Solution 001-A 

Developed by Memetics and Countermemetics in 2022, Solution 001-A is a multi-use substance made to prevent the manifestation of SCP-8956 within liquidsA subset of Solution 001-A is pumped into the Site water systems to ensure that drinking water and wastewater poses no danger to personnel. and, primarily, the lenses of the human eye. 

It is important for personnel to be aware that administering the solution will result in a clouding of vision. While this partial loss of sight may be distressing or disorientating, it is a necessary defense against SCP-8956. 

In the event you exhaust your supply of eyedrops, please contact a member of the Health and Pathology Section to acquire a new vial. 

While originally Dr. Dougall Deering aided in the containment of SCP-8956 ~~ due to its passivity in his presence ~~ this tactic of managing the anomaly is no longer applicable following the events of the 2023 reoccurrence of SCP-001. 

**UPDATE:** As of September 9th, 2034, this is no longer the case.

Dr. Dougall A. Deering has been returned to duty.

---

**DESCRIPTION:** While originally considered a sub-anomaly of SCP-001, Designated SCP-001-A specifically. this file has been created for organizational and record-keeping purposes.

SCP-8956 is a possibly sapient entity resembling the deceased Janitorial and Maintenance Technician Philip E. Deering. It appears as he did at the time of death: uniform torn and bloody, with its burst eyes running down its face and onto its clothing. The flesh of its fingertips has been melted away, and the protruding bones sharpened like claws. 

SCP-8956 resides within all reflective surfaces within and around Site-43, and has shown itself to be incredibly hostile to all personnel. Any individual within the line of sight of a reflective surface is at immediate risk of attack if SCP-8956 manifests. It has been noted that SCP-8956 is capable of fourteen independent manifestations at a time. When confronted by an individual, SCP-8956 has two methods of attack. 

The first method consists of attempting to drag the victim into the reflective surface. If successful, they will be pulled through it as though it were a liquid. Any individual it completes this process on is lost. If the surface is not large enough for this to occur, it will result in the often fatal dismemberment of the victim.

The second, and more common, method of attack by SCP-8956 is it reaching out from the surface to physically claw or scratch the victim. 

It has been found that wounds from SCP-8956 do not heal, even when prompted by typical methods of accelerated healing (i.e. thaumaturgy) and will instead fester. While more serious and deep wounds can be fatal, and all are prone to infection, survival is possible if medical attention is given quick enough and is maintained for the remainder of the individual's life. 

<details>
<summary>» VIEW ADDITIONAL MEDICAL DOCUMENTATION «</summary>

| MEDICAL DETAILING: 8956 |
| --- |
| **REPORT BY:** Dr. Billie Forsythe (Health and Pathology) |
||In the initial wake of the paradox, being wounded by SCP-8956 was nigh unto a death sentence. We didn't know the wounds wouldn't heal, we bandaged people and went on our way in dealing the dead -- but then they'd come back to us, horrifically infected, and we realized the medical nightmare on our hands. _

 _

It grew easier with time, though. The wounds are often grievous, but they can still be *treated*, the person can still be saved. Having the medical synthesizers up and running for morphine, antibiotics and the like doesn't hurt, either. It's just a matter of immediate and continued medical attention. _

 _

The wounds infect easily, and scarcely even *clot*, but binding them tight enough can staunch them in a way that can somewhat quell the bleeding. As we grew to understand the nature of these wounds, we became more effective in dealing with them. _

 _

If the scratches are shallow, or border on superficial, we can simply remove the portion of afflicted flesh. Reconstructive surgery, or skin grafts, may be necessary in the wake of it -- but it will spare the patient from pain. In situations where there are deep wounds, there can be solutions when these sorts of injuries linger on the limbs. Amputation was an extreme measure proposed early on, and swiftly became something we offered to those injured. It's a drastic thing to do, but some do take it. Though, we did not have proper prostheses on-hand within the Site, and have thus been forced to rely on crafting our own for those in need. _

 _

Unfortunately, deep wounds to the face or chest cannot be effectively removed without putting the patient in more danger than the original wounds pose. For them, or those unwilling to undergo amputation, we treat. Bind their wounds, give them the supplies necessary to take care of themselves, and check on them with some frequency. A blood drive has been set up to aid the afflicted, as bi-monthly transfusions can improve their health greatly. They will bear the chronic pain of the wounds for the remainder of their days, but we will do all we can to ease them through it. _

 _

As it currently stands, it's not uncommon to see personnel within Site-43 with forever bloodied bandages upon their frame, or those with ramshackle prothesis -- but as the years have ticked on, the casualties at that monster's hands have lessened, as we have learned to mend what it has hurt. _

||

</details>

When within the presence of Dr. Dougall Deering, SCP-8956 appears to become pacified. Instead, the entity will begin to vocalize in a monotone version of Philip Deering's own voice -- listing Dr. Deering's achievements at the Foundation as well as his personal virtues. At no point will SCP-8956 look directly at Dr. Deering, and he alone among the personnel of Site-43 cannot hear its vocalizations.

After 2023/09/08 there was a noted change in the demeanor of SCP-8956. While in the previous year the entity typically kept a blank expression, it henceforth appeared visibly distressed. Its already jerking movements became noticeably more erratic, and the aggression behind its attacks has increased.

---

| ADDENDUM: 8956 Behavioral Report |
| --- |
|| **DATE:** 2034/09/08 _

**OFFICER OF RECORD:** A. Mukami (Chief of Security and Containment) ||

|| **SUMMARY:** Due to the REISNO Cannon not re-manifesting as expected, Dr. Deering was unable to fulfill his containment duties and, by proxy, survived the Breach. Notably, while some minor things went haywire, it wasn't anywhere near as disastrous as expected. He just... survived, and unlike the other times we've failed in ensuring the Victims' deaths, he didn't become some twisted specter, either. He's the same Dougall Deering that took his own life 11 years ago. For better, or for worse. _

 _

No one's really sure what to do about it, but it's useless to keep spilling his blood now that the Cannon is gone. It's not like that's going to fix anything. _

 _

However, it has been observed that Dr. Deering's newfound survival has coincided with SCP-8956 returning to the behaviors that it had expressed prior to his death. It feels twisted to say, but when it started talking again, I could've sworn there was a trace of something different in its voice. _

||

 

---

When Dr. Deering attempted to leave Quantum Supermechanics following his revival, he ended up separated from the present personnel when an [unknown, serpentine entity](scp-6643) attempted to attack the group. Before it was able to make contact with Dr. Deering, however, SCP-8956 intervened. 

Despite typical levels of corrupted footage, it can be seen on the recordings that SCP-8956 had shoved Dr. Deering out of the entity's path, and swiftly departed after the aggressor demanifested.

---

| ADDENDUM: Post-Breach Medical Check-up |
| --- |
|| **DATE:** 2034/09/08 _

**OFFICER OF RECORD:** B. Forsythe (Health and Pathology) ||

|| <BEGIN LOG> _

 _

*Deering sits tensely on the hospital bed as Forsythe presses a stethoscope to his chest. She scowls slightly when he pulls back to stare at something behind her. A reflective pane of glass that has been temporarily placed in the room in an attempt to herd SCP-8956.* _

 _

**Forsythe:** Lean into the stethoscope, please. It's hard to hear your heartbeat when you keep leaning away. _

 _

**Deering:** He saved me. I saw that thing come screaming down the hall, and Ph— *and 8956*— saved me. Jumped right out of a wall and pushed me clean out of the way. But why? I need to know why. I can't -- I can't keep doing this, why the *hell* would he do that? _

 _

 **Forsythe:** He was always talking about you, he calms when you're around. It sorta makes sense that he would try to save you if he had the chance. _

 _

 **Deering:** But why now? Why is he always talking about how great I am when I clearly am not? Why can't *I* fucking hear him? _

 _

*Deering makes an exasperated gesture, head dipping down.* _

 _

 **Forsythe:** It's clear there's... I dunno, a brotherly love at play here? Please stop talking, I'm trying to listen to your heartbeat. _

 _

**Deering:** Oh don't give me that. I treated Philip like shit. I was *ashamed* of him, like some uptight bastard. You think I don't deserve this? I don't even deserve to be alive. I don't know *why* I'm alive. _

 _

**Forsythe:** *[Taken aback]* I don't know why you-- _

 _

**Deering:** Don't bullshit me, Billie. You and I both know I deserve nothing but death. And everyone else knows it too. I've bet they've spent the past 11 years all glad I was gone. _

 _

**Forsythe:** I certainly don't think so, Dr. Deering. _

 _

**Deering:** I see how everyone in this place looks at me. I couldn't *stand* it, every damn day. *[Deering pauses, he shakes his head a touch manically.]* Maybe he decided to torture me. Maybe he thinks death is too good. What do you say to that, eh, Phil? _

 _

*Deering turns to stare at SCP-8956. Its lips move, and Deering turns to face Forsythe again.* _

 _

**Deering:** What did he say? _

 _

*She hesitates.* _

 _

**Forsythe:** He said he'd never hurt his brother. _

 _

*Deering suddenly stands and approaches the glass, Forsythe glancing over her shoulder with a furrowed brow. For a few moments, he stares at SCP-8956 and its empty gaze -- before balling up his hand and abruptly striking the glass with a fist. It sends splintering cracks along the surface, fourteen figures within, as shards scatter across the floor. His blood drips to the ground, and Forsythe backs away to her desk in order to reach for her Solution 001-A. She grips the vial tightly in her hand, watching.* _

 _

**Deering:** That son of a bitch isn't my brother. It's a mockery. *[He shudders, pained]* Fuck— _

 _

*Deering grips his right hand as it continues to bleed. He grits his teeth and squeezes his eyes closed, curling in on himself.* _

 _

**Forsythe:** Dr. Deering, I— _

 _

**Deering:** *GOD DAMMIT!* _

 _

<END LOG> _

 _

**NOTE:** Dr. Deering was recommended to keep a journal of his daily thoughts and emotions for therapeutic purposes. _

||

@@@@

---

The following is a compilation of relevant pages from Dr. Deering's journal, collected by Security and Containment after Incident 8956.

---

| ADDENDUM: Dougall Deering's Journal |
| --- |
| **DATE:** 2034/09/10 |
|| Maybe this really is Phil. It looks like him. Everyone says it even sounds like him. At least those that remember him. I can see his lips moving, even when we're alone. I really wish I could hear his voice say the things everyone says he's saying. I could really use a damn pick me up. _

 _

A lot has changed since then. No shit. I still haven't pried all the details out of people yet, but there's a lot of familiar faces that are missing. _

||

@@ @@

| ADDENDUM: Dougall Deering's Journal |
| --- |
| **DATE:** 2034/09/21 |
|| Managed to get people to spill, over the past week or so. Mostly Mukami pulling me aside and grilling me on shit. Ngo was sent to her grave 5 years ago, and is now caught in the breach. Phil hurt Wirth. Apparently the reason I'm back is because McDoctorate snapped, and the Cannon vanished when he did. I could tell she didn't want to say it, but you'd have to be an idiot not to make the connection. _

 _

On top of that, I've come to the conclusion that the fact I can't hear Philip is just another layer of torture on top of it all. If I could just talk to him, if I could just have one final conversation with him, I'm sure I could make him see how much this hurt me. Maybe then this would all be over. Why did he have to save me? _

 _

I couldn't even save *him.* _

||

@@ @@

| ADDENDUM: Dougall Deering's Journal |
| --- |
| **DATE:** 2034/10/19 |
|| I thought I saw Udo in the hall. _

 _

Damn eyedrops. _

||

@@ @@

| ADDENDUM: Dougall Deering's Journal |
| --- |
| **DATE:** 2034/11/05 |
|| My brother looked at me today. Or at least that's what it seemed like. This was the first time I've made eye contact with him since before everything. And he doesn't even have eyes anymore. _

 _

I can't keep going like this, I just. I can't. I'm a dead man walking, and I can feel it in the air. _

||

@@ @@

| ADDENDUM: Dougall Deering's Journal |
| --- |
| **DATE:** 2034/12/21 |
|| Merry fucking Christmas to me. I hate everyone down here. They all avoid me, get strange and awkward when I'm around, but try to keep up chipper conversation with me. They say I'm 'strong for pushing through' and shit like that. Probably since Philip won't shut up about it. I wish I could make it all stop. Make things *actually* better instead of these damn platitudes. But we can't even try the old way of making things better! The Cannon's gone. God, even the name of the thing is some sick cosmic joke. 'There is no cannon', 'the REISNO Cannon', say it fast and go fuck yourself. I wonder if he knew. _

 _

Should've left that twitchy pataphysicist to rot. _

||

@@ @@

| ADDENDUM: Dougall Deering's Journal |
| --- |
| **DATE:** 2035/02/14 |
|| Valentine's Day. Billie told me today that Phillip said I was an excellent lover. Who the hell even says that? And bullshit, regardless. I'm selfish. I'm the most selfish man alive. I would know. Everything I've done to try and fix this nightmare just worsened it, this nightmare *mocks me* for it. This is all on *my* head. _

||

@@ @@

| ADDENDUM: Dougall Deering's Journal |
| --- |
| **DATE:** 2035/05/30 |
|| Proverbs 11:2: "When pride comes, then comes disgrace, but with humility comes wisdom," my fucking ass. I don't feel any wiser. I just feel like a disgrace. _

||

@@ @@

| ADDENDUM: Dougall Deering's Journal |
| --- |
| **DATE:** 2035/07/26 |
|| *[The page contains no writing, but instead a harshly drawn image of Dougall Deering and Philip Deering. Dougall is strangling Philip.]* _

||

@@ @@

| ADDENDUM: Dougall Deering's Journal |
| --- |
| **DATE:** 2035/09/07 |
|| Everyone's prepping for the Breach. Got told by Mukami they still want me in my 'old position' just to be safe. Gonna be supervised so I don't... do anything. _

 _

Maybe that thing from the hall will come back. Maybe this time it'll do me in. _

 _

Set things back to how they *should* be. _

||

---

On 2035/09/08, when Dr. Deering departed from Applied Occultism, another, similar aggressor as the previous year manifested in the hallway and attempted to attack him. Once again, SCP-8956 intervened and pushed Dr. Deering to safety before retreating into a nearby surface.

---

| ADDENDUM: Post-Breach Medical Check-up |
| --- |
|| **DATE:** 2035/09/08 _

**OFFICER OF RECORD:** B. Forsythe (Health and Pathology) ||

|| <BEGIN LOG> _

 _

*Deering sits on a medical examination table in the Site's medical wing. He is twitching sporadically.* _

 _

**Forsythe:** Okay, Dr. Deering, I know you're a little rattled. I'm gonna try my best to take care of you as quickly as possible so you can go and get some rest, alright? _

 _

*Deering doesn't respond. He blinks and stares at an empty spot on the wall. Forsythe conducts a visual assessment of Deering, walking behind him.* _

 _

**Forsythe:** You don't look too banged up. How has your diary keeping been? Do you think it's helped you? _

 _

**Deering:** I want to know what he's been saying. _

 _

*Forsythe blinks.* _

 _

**Deering:** I fucking ~~ I *need* to know, Billie. I just~~ I want to hear him again. _

 _

*Forsythe hesitates, then sighs.* _

 _

**Forsythe:** What I heard before you came in, is that he says that you're too important to die. That he has your back. _

 _

*Deering becomes visibly agitated, he grips the edge of the bed with shaking hands and glares at the wall. Forsythe has since walked over to her table to jot something down.* _

 _

**Deering:** Why can't I hear him? Have we even bothered to try everything? A recording, *anything?* _

 _

*Deering shakes his head and grits his teeth. Forsythe gives him a look caught between pity and worry.* _

 _

**Forsythe:** Dr. Dee— _

 _

**Deering:** Or is it just that none of you actually give a shit? What makes you so special that you get to hear him, huh? I can't even hear my own brother as he haunts me? What kind of twisted bullshit is that? _

 _

*Deering stands, approaching Forsythe, who tenses and begins to back away from him. Forsythe glares at Dougall when her back hits the wall, and his approach doesn't cease. Though the footage is distorted, both of them look to the medical examination table on the right, and lock eyes with something.* _

 _

**Deering:** Tell me, what did he say? _

 _

**Forsythe:** I— _

 _

**Deering:** What the fuck did he say?! _

 _

*Deering's hands shoot forward, his fingers curling around Forsythe's throat, his expression a mix of rage and desperation.* _

 _

**Deering:** *WHAT DID HE SAY?!* _

 _

*Forsythe chokes, flails, and hits the emergency button on the wall with her right arm while she tries forcing Deering to release her with her left. She elbows him in the stomach, and he stumbles away, hands dropping down.* _

 _

**Forsythe:** THE HELL ARE YOU DOING? _

 _

*Deering does not reply, instead staring with wide eyes for several moments before pulling his arm back. His fist cracks against Forsythe's face, but in closing the distance between them again, she manages to knock his feet out from under him.* _

 _

*Deering's head audibly cracks against the floor, and he gasps in pain. Forsythe wheezes, leaning against the medical table -- watching him tensely. The silence is broken after a few moments as Deering pushes himself up to his knees, blinking tears from his eyes with a startled, bleary look.* _

 _

**Deering:** Oh my god... Billie... I'm sorry, I— _

 _

*Closer inspection of the footage shows that what the two had previously stared at was an improperly treated medical beaker; a portion of its lower half shines in the red light. This becomes fully apparent as SCP-8956 visibly hauls itself out from the reflection, and lunges.* _

 _

*Its clawed hand slashes across Forsythe's throat.* _

 _

*Against the omnipresent red, the blood is almost difficult to see as it splatters across the tile. SCP-8956 retreats back to where it had come from, and Forsythe crumples to the ground. Deering stares at her motionless body, hyperventilating as blood spreads across the floor. SCP-8956 can also be seen reflected in the liquid.* _

 _

**SCP-8956:** You were always so brave. _

 _

*Deering does not respond. He does not hear. Instead, he buries his head against his knees and begins to sob.* _

 _

*Chief Mukami and an accompanying guard arrive approximately one minute later.* _

 _

<END LOG> _

||

---

| ADDENDUM: Incident 8956 |
| --- |
|| **DATE:** 2035/09/08 _

**OFFICER OF RECORD:** A. Mukami (Chief of Security and Containment) ||

|| **SUMMARY:**  SCP-8956’s maiming of Dr. Forsythe was both a tragedy, and an unprecedented break of its usual behavior. It is one that brings uncertainty and worry for our safety in regard to whether or not Dr. Deering's presence *truly* pacifies it. Perhaps we mistook some form of twisted protection for pacification. _

 _

In light of this event, we are working overtime to ensure a lack of reflective surfaces. Accidents have happened and will continue to, but we need to remain vigilant. No more exceptions, no more taking risks just because Deering is present. _

 _

Dr. Deering himself has been detained by S&C for the time being, while we try to assess him and understand what happened. I have yet to speak with him in full, but I could see the stress in his eyes. Hell, in *all* our eyes. While no official decision has been made, I know he is going to blame himself for Forsythe’s passing regardless of what we say. I fear that our lacking in anyone properly qualified to handle the emotional turmoils we’re all experiencing is starting to take a toll. We’re tired, we’re afraid, we’re cooped up down here with nowhere to go, and as a result we are starting to go at each other’s throats in frustration. _

 _

We can’t risk anyone's lives. Even his. _

||

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

| ADDENDUM: Dougall Deering's Journal |
| --- |
| **DATE:** 2035/09/10 |
|| I helped them bury Forsythe. I've been told to avoid altercations with others, to keep myself restrained. I can't tell whether or not they blame me. Some do, probably. Another thing to add to an endless, bloody pile. They took away the mirror in my room, too. It's fine. I used to stare into it for hours on end. Scream at it, spit on it, cry against it. And he'd always be there. Always there, always quiet. It's fine. It's fine that it's gone. _

 _

I don't know what to do. I don't think I ever have. Even though it's gone I don't think there's any escaping his empty, silent gaze. _

 _

I don't think I deserve to. _

||

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

<< [SCP-8955](SCP-8955) | SCP-8956 | [SCP-8957](SCP-8957) >>

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

> **Filename:** brother.png

> **Name:** Playing with a Security Camera

> **Author:** Richard Giles, with edits by 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Flickr](https://www.flickr.com/photos/richardgiles/4233056436/in/album-72157623812317950)

> This article contains excerpts from [SCP-5956](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5956) by  and  (CC BY-SA 3.0).
