@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Amatic+SC:wght@400');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Caveat:wght@400');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Gloria+Hallelujah:wght@400');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Handlee:wght@400');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Indie+Flower:wght@400');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Permanent+Marker:wght@400');

@import url('https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Shadows+Into+Light:wght@400');

#page-title{

    font-family: 'Handlee', serif !important;

}

<details>
<summary>Note Transcribed for Accessibility</summary>

> **Unidentified 1**

> 

> Item #: Unassigned

> 

> Object Class: ~~Irrelevant~~

> 

> **Dr. Crusher**

> 

> Keter. This thing is very definitely keter.

> 

> **Unidentified 1**

> 

> Special Containment Procedures: Run. Get the fuck out of here while you still can. Stop reading, drop the paper, and leave. If the door you came in through doesn't open, break it down. If that doesn't work, break through a window. If you have anything on you that can get you out, use it now. Take the report with you and try to get it back to the foundation.

> 

> If you are still reading this, I can only assume you are trapped in here. I'm sorry, but you're already dead. If you want to stay alive a bit longer, get off the floor. Find a big, heavy piece of furniture and stand on it. Don't let anything touch the floor or it knows where you are. Make sure you aren't touching any of the walls either.

> 

> If you're with the SCP foundation, best thing you can do now is call them and tell them not to send anyone else to whatever facility you think you are in right now. Even better if you can get into contact with Site-41. If you're close enough to an outside door, slide one of these reports out. If you're a MTF unit, order a bombing at whatever coordinates you think you're at. Do whatever you can do to get the word out about this thing. Just make sure nobody else follows you.

> 

> When you're finished, I advise you shoot yourself. It's better than the alternative.

> 

> **Unidentified 2**

> 

> Don't do that. Charles killed himself and the thing still pulled him into the walls. His corpse screamed louder than any of the other officers. Just do your best to stay away from it.

> 

> **Unidentified 1**

> 

> Discovery: My team was hunting down a hostile antimeme when we made the mistake of stopping at what we though was Site-112 for supplies. If you don't know what an antimeme is, it doesn't really matter, just know that nobody on the outside knows where you are and nobody is coming to help you. Only two members of the team got out of the complex. I'm the last one alive in here, but I've learned enough to make a case file. Hopefully it can at least hinder this bitch.

> 

> Description: The place you're in is a mobile non-Euclidean complex that changes it's outer appearance to match whatever building you were expecting to find. The furniture and other interior decorations vary similarly. We all thought the side road we were walking down led to Site-112. It might have messed with our minds and made us forget the right road, or it might just have been clever. If you hear screaming or knocking from the walls, do your best to ignore it. The inside of the complex quickly stops having a logical layout once you're inside. There are no windows or doors to the outside past the first few rooms, and I swear that some of the rooms just loop back in on themselves. If you're out of sight of a window you probably can't get out anymore.

> 

> If I got the meme right, it should make this thing try to replicate the document it appears on when it creates furniture for interiors of buildings. It'll be scattered all across the floor by the time you get here. I also made the meme hopefully be soothing to this entity. Then again I had no time to test it and I have no idea what it's mind is like, so it might not have worked at all. I'm sorry if the meme just made everything worse.

> 

> Anybody who isn't inside or in view of the complex can't remember it at all. Even with the entire team hopped up on mnestics we could barely remember the hole it left in our heads. I don't know if people inside of it get forgotten too. I know I remember the faces on the missing posters, but that might just be because I'm already in this hellhole.

> 

> Whatever it is, it wants to eat. It doesn't have eyes, but it can sense anything that is touching the floor or the walls. The furniture seems to be a dead spot for it, but I assume it can still feel the increase in weight when you're on it. I managed to get on a huge cafeteria table and it still has yet to find me, so staying on a heavy piece of furniture seems to be your best bet. Once it does find you, it "digests" you. It took it's sweet time with our group though. I swear, it took us one by one just to taunt us. It reaches out of one of the walls with it's arms and tries to pull you in. Don't let them grab you, the arms are inhumanly strong and the barbs make pulling yourself off even harder. The wall opens, you get pulled in, and it closes up again.

> 

> **Unidentified 3**

> 

> If you see one of the arms just run. They may be fast, but they can only reach you from around fifteen feet away.

> 

> **Unidentified 1**

> 

> Everything else about this place is speculation. We found a sketch from an old lady of her house crawling around on human arms, and we think this is what it looks like from the outside when it is moving. It seems to get sustenance from the bodies it drags into the walls. I don't know if they are still alive, but they act like they are. They seem to want out, but their pleas might just be the complex trying to get you to touch the walls. Ignore them, you can't help them, and you don't want to become one of them. It looks like their body got completely torn up. After a few of us had already gotten pulled in, we found a crack in the wall and managed to get a glimpse of one of them. I could be wrong, but I think th

> 

> **Dr. Crusher**

> 

> I tweaked the meme a bit, so additional writing on the paper *should* get copied.

> The arms can't find you on furniture even if you were just touching the ground. Whatever is controlling the arms either has poor object permanence, enjoys causing fear, or refuses to attack people who aren't in contact with the ground. I think it has some sort of extra sense because if you stay in one place long enough it will find you. Maybe it uses the entities in the walls?

> Don't eat any of the food the anomaly generates. Tap water is safe, but don't drink anything that you find in a container.

> 

> I tried to get a call through with the foundation, but they didn't recognize my number and couldn't find me anywhere on record so they just assumed the CI managed to hack their phone lines. I have no idea how to contact Site-41, and I didn't even bother to try with a civilian line.

> I'm going to make sure this thing doesn't take me alive. If you're reading this, good luck.

> -Dr. Crusher

> 

> **Unidentified 4**

> 

> If you're reading this please try to get the walls open. I know I'm going to die here but someone needs to get my son out.

> 

> **Unidentified 2**

> 

> Fuck it I'm burning this place to the ground.

> 

> **Unidentified 5**

> 

> I read the log and I've tried to keep off the floor but I haven't seen anything yet. Maybe its because whatever this thing is is copying my grandma's rugs? I guess rugs are safe? I feel like that shouldn't work, but I'll take it over getting draged off by some abomination. I'll keep updating this. Not much else that I can do.

> Update 1: I've been looking for a way out and haven't found anything, just more rooms that shouldn't connect to each other the way they do. I did find a staircase though, which my grandma's house defiantly didn't have. Down here is weird. The floor isn't covered in these papers anymore and the air is so much dryer. The knocking stopped too. It's to quiet I feel like I'm in church.

> Update 2: Found somewhere safe to rest, I need a moment. I could swear that I've never seen a wardrobe in this house, but it's better than anything else.

> Update 3: I think I feel a draft. The air smells freasher too, much better than it has since I got down here. At this point I'm not sure if there even is an outside anymore, but I'll follow it. I'm putting the paper down now in case I do get out. Can't hurt to be an optimist.

> 

> **Unidentified 3**

> 

> The information may not still be accurate. We were expecting to go to a bar, but we ended up in some old house. Well the entrance was the same, but all the other rooms look nothing like a bar. Plenty of rugs, so it might be the same one from the last note. The rugs are not safe. I got split up from everyone else when we saw a pair of the arm things and ran. I think I might have just died in that bar and went to hell.

> 

> **Agent Wren**

> 

> Agent Wren, you won't remember this but you took this document from the antimeme you've been hunting and broke out through a window. If you need proof that it was you who wrote this, "Elkhart Lake and Blackberry Pie". Just get it back to mission control and everything will be fine. Don't forget this document, and don't enter any building until you've triple checked that it is a real building. Take a Class-X once you get back and write up a full report. You can do this.

</details>

Item #: Unassigned

Object Class: ~~Irrelevant~~ Keter. This thing is very definitely keter.

Special Containment Procedures: Run. Get the fuck out of here while you still can. Stop reading, drop the paper, and leave. If the door you came in through doesn't open, break it down. If that doesn't work, break through a window. If you have anything on you that can get you out, use it now. Take the report with you and try to get it back to the foundation.

If you are still reading this, I can only assume you are trapped in here. I'm sorry, but you're already dead. If you want to stay alive a bit longer, get off the floor. Find a big, heavy piece of furniture and stand on it. Don't let anything touch the floor or it knows where you are. Make sure you aren't touching any of the walls either.

If you're with the SCP foundation, best thing you can do now is call them and tell them not to send anyone else to whatever facility you think you are in right now. Even better if you can get into contact with Site-41. If you're close enough to an outside door, slide one of these reports out. If you're a MTF unit, order a bombing at whatever coordinates you think you're at. Do whatever you can do to get the word out about this thing. Just make sure nobody else follows you.

When you're finished, I advise you shoot yourself. It's better than the alternative.

Don't do that. Charles killed himself and the thing still pulled him into the walls. His corpse screamed louder than any of the other officers. Just do your best to stay away from it.

Discovery: My team was hunting down a hostile antimeme when we made the mistake of stopping at what we though was Site-112 for supplies. If you don't know what an antimeme is, it doesn't really matter, just know that nobody on the outside knows where you are and nobody is coming to help you. Only two members of the team got out of the complex. I'm the last one alive in here, but I've learned enough to make a case file. Hopefully it can at least hinder this bitch.

Description: The place you're in is a mobile non-Euclidean complex that changes it's outer appearance to match whatever building you were expecting to find. The furniture and other interior decorations vary similarly. We all thought the side road we were walking down led to Site-112. It might have messed with our minds and made us forget the right road, or it might just have been clever. If you hear screaming or knocking from the walls, do your best to ignore it. The inside of the complex quickly stops having a logical layout once you're inside. There are no windows or doors to the outside past the first few rooms, and I swear that some of the rooms just loop back in on themselves. If you're out of sight of a window you probably can't get out anymore.

If I got the meme right, it should make this thing try to replicate the document it appears on when it creates furniture for interiors of buildings. It'll be scattered all across the floor by the time you get here. I also made the meme hopefully be soothing to this entity. Then again I had no time to test it and I have no idea what it's mind is like, so it might not have worked at all. I'm sorry if the meme just made everything worse.

Anybody who isn't inside or in view of the complex can't remember it at all. Even with the entire team hopped up on mnestics we could barely remember the hole it left in our heads. I don't know if people inside of it get forgotten too. I know I remember the faces on the missing posters, but that might just be because I'm already in this hellhole.

Whatever it is, it wants to eat. It doesn't have eyes, but it can sense anything that is touching the floor or the walls. The furniture seems to be a dead spot for it, but I assume it can still feel the increase in weight when you're on it. I managed to get on a huge cafeteria table and it still has yet to find me, so staying on a heavy piece of furniture seems to be your best bet. Once it does find you, it "digests" you. It took it's sweet time with our group though. I swear, it took us one by one just to taunt us. It reaches out of one of the walls with it's arms and tries to pull you in. Don't let them grab you, the arms are inhumanly strong and the barbs make pulling yourself off even harder. The wall opens, you get pulled in, and it closes up again. If you see one of the arms just run. They may be fast, but they can only reach you from around fifteen feet away.

Everything else about this place is speculation. We found a sketch from an old lady of her house crawling around on human arms, and we think this is what it looks like from the outside when it is moving. It seems to get sustenance from the bodies it drags into the walls. I don't know if they are still alive, but they act like they are. They seem to want out, but their pleas might just be the complex trying to get you to touch the walls. Ignore them, you can't help them, and you don't want to become one of them. It looks like their body got completely torn up. After a few of us had already gotten pulled in, we found a crack in the wall and managed to get a glimpse of one of them. I could be wrong, but I think th

I tweaked the meme a bit, so additional writing on the paper *should* get copied.

The arms can't find you on furniture even if you were just touching the ground. Whatever is controlling the arms either has poor object permanence, enjoys causing fear, or refuses to attack people who aren't in contact with the ground. I think it has some sort of extra sense because if you stay in one place long enough it will find you. Maybe it uses the entities in the walls?

Don't eat any of the food the anomaly generates. Tap water is safe, but don't drink anything that you find in a container.

I tried to get a call through with the foundation, but they didn't recognize my number and couldn't find me anywhere on record so they just assumed the CI managed to hack their phone lines. I have no idea how to contact Site-41, and I didn't even bother to try with a civilian line.

I'm going to make sure this thing doesn't take me alive. If you're reading this, good luck.

-Dr. Crusher

If you're reading this please try to get the walls open. I know I'm going to die here but someone needs to get my son out.

Fuck it I'm burning this place to the ground.

I read the log and I've tried to keep off the floor but I haven't seen anything yet. Maybe its because whatever this thing is is copying my grandma's rugs? I guess rugs are safe? I feel like that shouldn't work, but I'll take it over getting draged off by some abomination. I'll keep updating this. Not much else that I can do.

Update 1: I've been looking for a way out and haven't found anything, just more rooms that shouldn't connect to each other the way they do. I did find a staircase though, which my grandma's house defiantly didn't have. Down here is weird. The floor isn't covered in these papers anymore and the air is so much dryer. The knocking stopped too. It's to quiet I feel like I'm in church.

Update 2: Found somewhere safe to rest, I need a moment. I could swear that I've never seen a wardrobe in this house, but it's better than anything else.

Update 3: I think I feel a draft. The air smells freasher too, much better than it has since I got down here. At this point I'm not sure if there even is an outside anymore, but I'll follow it. I'm putting the paper down now in case I do get out. Can't hurt to be an optimist.

The information may not still be accurate. We were expecting to go to a bar, but we ended up in some old house. Well the entrance was the same, but all the other rooms look nothing like a bar. Plenty of rugs, so it might be the same one from the last note. The rugs are not safe. I got split up from everyone else when we saw a pair of the arm things and ran. I think I might have just died in that bar and went to hell.

Agent Wren, you won't remember this but you took this document from the antimeme you've been hunting and broke out through a window. If you need proof that it was you who wrote this, "Elkhart Lake and Blackberry Pie". Just get it back to mission control and everything will be fine. Don't forget this document, and don't enter any building until you've triple checked that it is a real building. Take a Class-X once you get back and write up a full report. You can do this.

<< [SCP-8509](SCP-8509) | SCP-8510 | [SCP-8511](SCP-8511) >>
