@media (prefers-reduced-motion: no-preference) {

   span#u-bar {

       animation: steal 3s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

       font-weight: bold;

   }

   @keyframes steal {

       0% { color: transparent; }

       50%, 100% { color: black; }

   }

}

 

[New Management, Heavy Baggages](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/nuova-gestione-e-pesanti-bagagli) >> SCP-8941

 

Androids do dream of electric sheep.

 

A big thank you to my critters , , , ,  and 

 

This article contains mentions of **genocide**.

>

> **Designation:** PoI-8941

>  

> **Legal Name:** Mallena Orrù (née Mallena Floris)

>

> **Status:** Deceased

>

> **Affiliations:** GoI-004, [Royal Institute of Italic Anomalies](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/gruppi-di-interesse#RIDIA) (Incidental), SCP-8941

>

> **Information:** PoI-8941 was a sheep herder and non-practicing Mekhanite born near Ottana (NU) on 5/11/1909. Examination of her remains has further confirmed that her local community, alongside the collective of Italian Mekhanites, opted for minor scale enhancements. She is confirmed to have married another member of her Mekhanite community in 1931, and to have died in 1938 by the hands of RIDIA. Similarly to all other subjects that succumbed to the same fate, physical remains were reclaimed by the RIDIA itself until they were handed off to the [SISMA](http://scp-int.wikidot.com/gruppi-di-interesse#SISMA) and eventually to the Foundation. Despite intensive experimentation endured throughout the years, the body was able to be identified within Area-D.E.U.S.'s Reliquary Morgue  |

>

>

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= Save Draft | Publish Entry

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= Saving Draft...

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= Draft Saved

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Director D'Ancona,

 

I hope this message finds you well. As much as I am sure you must be occupied with more urgent matters at the time being, I write to you, asking for aid in my archival duties.

 

I'm in the process of redacting a personal report on one specific member of the many deceased Mekhanites that have been in our possession since 1998. As you can imagine, information of a singular individual amongst a niche community long extinguished is scarce. Though receiving little to no context when appointed for the task, I found out through a quick check that your department seems to be involved in an affiliated research effort, SCP-8941.

 

Thus I'd very much appreciate to receive any meaningful information your team was able to obtain from the item at your earliest convenience.    

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Researcher Parise,

  

I imagine you must have your designations mixed up. I can confirm that my department is responsible of all SCP-8941-related research, but I can also state with outmost certainty that we received no mentions of any PoI-8941 on our end.

 

SCP-8941 is definitely mechanical in nature but I can assure you that amongst its properties this is the least prominent. My team, though quickly, had the chance to run the anomaly by the Theology Department, which provided us with proof that SCP-8941 is of no religious connotation, thus not Mekhanite in origin.

 

I sincerely hope your research proceeds well and eventually encounters whoever is responsible for misleading you in such manner. Regards.

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 🔎 |         

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 🔎 SCP-8941 |

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= Now searching...

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= One result found

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 

---

  

**Special Containment Procedures:** All 30 instances of SCP-8941 are kept in an enclosure at Site-77's animal containment block. The enclosure is to be cleaned weekly alongside all present specimens.

 

Personnel are forbidden from handling any of the instances' receivers. Disobeying this restriction will lead to permanent removal from SCP-8941 related duties. SCP-8941 properties are to be activated solely at the discretion of the Department of Nootics and Oneironautics, whether it is for extraordinary testing or for mandatory training of members.

 

**Description:** SCP-8941 is a herd of 30 mechanical constructs made to resemble sheep. All instances, each numbered from -1 to -30, can autonomously navigate the environment surrounding them regardless of their lack of electrical alimentation and sensory structures. All instances share an appearance consisting of a rotary phone replacing the head and a thick layer of swirled wire covering the body's outmost layer to then terminate in an electrical plug structure resembling a tail. Said elements differ in color, material, and model of the utilized telephonic equipment in each instance. Moreover, each instance has been shown to succumb to a gradually progressing dormant state around 7:00 PM to then face an uptick in activity at 8:30 AM. The latter process is immediate and simultaneous across instances.

 

Whenever the receiver of an SCP-8941 instance is lifted from its usual position, it will begin to emit the prerecorded voice of an elderly man speaking in Sardinian. The voice will state a set of requests. Any subject who has heard these vocalizations, upon falling asleep, will experience a dream characterized by what the prerecorded message has expressed. Every one of these messages is unique and consistent for each of the SCP-8941 instances, thus a total of 30 different dreams can be induced by SCP-8941.

 

Most messages and dreams seem to focus on replicas of everyday family life alongside a consistent set of characters. These characters are a tall, tan, black-haired woman and three children. All subjects are yet to be identified. Dreams induced by SCP-8941 pose no threat to sleeping subjects and can be manipulated if said person is capable of lucid-dreaming. Once awakened, subjects will not be able to re-experience said dream unless they are again exposed to a vocalization originating from any SCP-8941 instance.

 

Below is a truncated list of examples of dream scenarios induced by SCP-8941, each with their corresponding prerecorded message. To access the full catalogue please contact the Department of Nootics and Oneironautics' Director, Luciano D'Ancona.

 

>

> **SCP-8941 instance -1**

>

> **Activation message Translated to English. :** "So... it's my first time doing this and I did follow the instructions as best as I could and this thing did turn out well but... I'm getting off track. I wish to live again the first day me and Mallena met. We were both children and her parents had invited mine over, we got bored and eventually we left the dining table to venture outside, she really did want to show me her family's herd."

>

> **Resulting dream:** Subjects will find themselves to have regressed to an age between 3 and 14 years old. The scenario tends to open in the middle of a dinner alongside a couple of unknown individuals, a couple of individuals that subjects recognize as their parents, and a little girl of the same age as the subject. Invariably, the girl alongside the subject will then be located in a pasture inhabited by a number of sheep.

>  

> **Notes:** All specifics regarding people's appearance, furniture, and landscape,  have been shown to be inconsistent among subjects.

>

 

>

> **SCP-8941 instance -17**

>

> **Activation message:** "(Sobbing) I... I want to have never left. I want to have stayed by her side, to have raised our kids... (long pause) I wish that no one stepped through that door that day."

>

> **Resulting dream:** Subjects will find themselves within a habitation alongside an adult woman and a variable number of children. No major event or shift will happen for the duration of the dream, subjects report to be unable to exit the building in any effective way, including the front door.

>

> **Notes:** N/A

>

 

>

> **SCP-8941 instance -28**

>

> **Activation message:** "I'd love to have taken our first-born son to his first day of school... (pause) I bet I would have loved to hear him recounting his first day at dinner."

>

> **Resulting dream:** Subjects will dream of taking a young male to a scholastic building, the scene will then quickly shift to subject and said figure dining as the latter recounts a series of events.  

>

> **Notes:** If they have any, subjects will envision the person in the dream as their firstborn. The account of events told by the end of the dream seems to vary between the events of a first day of school and a first day of human life.

>

 

**Recovery:** The Foundation was alerted of SCP-8941's existence when a couple of instances, now labelled as SCP-8941-19 and -2, were spotted near Ottana (NU), Sardinia on November the 8th 2001. Foundation agents were able to locate their place of origin in the house of one Larentu Orrù 1906-2001. , a widower handyman living in the pastures nearby the city. Upon inspection, agents found the house to be in a state of disorder due to the prolonged presence of SCP-8941 instances. The remains of Mr. Orrù and an unfinished non-working SCP-8941 instance were also found and taken under Foundation custody. Interviewing the locals, agents were able to collect several reports of unknown deliveries of mechanical equipment reaching Orrù's house. General population amnesticization was enacted and all instances were successfully contained, reaching Site-77 on November the 10th.

 

 

= << [SCP-8940](SCP-8940) | SCP-8941 | [SCP-8942](SCP-8942) >>

 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 🔎 EE-8941 |

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= Now searching...

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= No results found

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 🔎 LoI-8941 |

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= Now searching...

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= No results found...

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 🔎 AO-8941 |

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= Now searching...

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

= YOU ARE NOT IN POSSESION OF THE CLEARANCE TO ACCESS THIS DOCUMENT

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

I hope this email finds you well. I'm contacting you once again as I'm back to my starting point.

 

I was not able to locate any likely disturbance that might have been the source of the designation mismatch and the time I was given to complete the PoI-8941 entry is running dry.

 

I'm aware that I have no right to ask you anything further. But still, I'd appreciate any details regarding the findings made by whomever of the Theology Department you've been in contact with at Site-77. As I do not possess the means to consult with their membership, I sincerely hope that you might offer me some more context relating to SCP-8941.     

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Sure thing. I can attest that two months ago, our team consulted with Dr. Morris from the Theology Department stationed in Area-D.E.U.S. and, being the current GoI-004 expert of the department, she inspected the anomaly to either confirm or debunk ties to Mekhanism.

 

I hope I was able to dissipate any confusion you might have had again.

 

Regards.

      

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

Thank you very much. That already is fundamental context that I'd have appreciated to have received in the first place. I also thank you for not correcting the slip-up of mine, as I stated incorrectly that your department had consulted with Dr. Morris at Site-77.

 

As a low-ranking researcher I am not in the capacity to require figures like Morris to disclose their dealings and am thus thankful for receiving confirmation that two months ago she traveled to Site-77. Having quick-chats with her lower rank coworkers I was under the impression that two months ago she did leave her station but was directed to Area-33. Clearly, her personal assistant must have been mistaken.

 

Thank you for all the information.

 

@@ @@

@@ @@

@@ @@

 

Fine, you won. I was really trying to be helpful without overstepping the boundaries of my duties, but if one of my options is to further damage my credibility, I'd rather let it out now and deal with Site Command later.

 

Here, it will definitely help you figure out what was going on between your poi and my skip.

 

That PoI file had better be worth it.

<details>
<summary>thiswilldo.jpg</summary>

>

> **Item#:** AO-8941

>

> **Standard Containment Procedures:** AO-8941 is located at Area-33's morgue. Its body mass is to be treated weekly with preserving and rust-removing cleaning products. The engine maintaining its internal generator operational is to be activated daily at 8:30 AM and shut down at 7:00 PM to avoid overheating. This procedure is guaranteed to avoid the neutralization of the item and all connected anomalies.

>

> **Description:** AO-8941 is the augmented and comatose body of Larentu Orrù, member of GoI-004 ("The Church of The Broken God") and former employee of the defunct normalcy organization, Royal Institute Of Italic Anomalies. Even though AO-8941's organic components and most of its artificial components are no longer able to function, AO-8941 has shown signs of slight brain activity analogous to the REM phase of sleep. The apparatus thought to be the basis of AO-8941 prolonged consciousness is composed of a turbine system once operating on the item's bloodstream and an engine with numerous eyes etched on its surface, powered by the aforementioned generator. Area command has forbidden all attempts to study the mechanisms of AO-8941's second working component as to avoid risks of terminating both the item and the anomalies tied to it .

>

> **Relevant History:** Subject served with the RIDIA between 1931 and 1946, initially as an engineer under the name Lorenzo Rovo. AO-8941, by order of the Fascist administration of the RIDIA established in 1922, was repurposed as a military engineer and survived the persecution of Italian Mekhanites that the Institute itself commanded in 1938. After ending its employment, AO-8941 retired near its place of birth, Ottana. At an unknown point in time, AO-8941 acquired the oneiromantic knowledge necessary to build 31 instances of SCP-8941 with the assistence from an unidentified [GoI-031](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/groups-of-interest#oneiroi) cell.

>   

> AO-8941 is presumed to have utilized SCP-8941 for private entertainment while powering them on the electrical current of its own house. In 2001, AO-8941 is confirmed to have dismantled one of the SCP-8941 instances to forcefully replace mechanical components from its cranium with what is presumed to be a  working part from the instance, connecting it to the already present generator. The action is presumed to have resulted in a coma. This event matches with the development of fully autonomous motion in SCP-8941 instances as their energy supply has been shown to be now entirely reliant on AO-8941's internal engine.

>

>  

> **Coverup:** AO-8941's ties with GoI-004, GoI-031, and the defunct RIDIA have been successfully omitted from the SCP-8941 file entry. No citizen of AO-8941's hometown was found to be aware of its extensive augmentations nor of said ties. No extensive measure was required as AO-8941 has been proved to have no still-living relatives nor offspring of any kind.

</details>

  

 

=====

 

> **Filename:** 77_5.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [PostImages](https://postimg.cc/KkcPhjn1/46a390ab)

 

> **Filename:** deus.png

> **Author:** 

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [PostImages](https://i.postimg.cc/RCdcLhHc/deus.png)

=====
