=====

=====

:root {

--header-title: "SCP FOUNDATION";

--header-subtitle: "SECURE, CONTAIN, PROTECT";

--lgurl: url('your url here');

}

.info-container{

--barColour: #242424; — this is the colour of the bar and the author button

--linkColour: #242424; — this is the colour of the "i" and the text within the author button

}

.scp-image-block {

    background-color: #5B5B5B;

    margin: 4px;

    padding: 0.25em;

}

]

]

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:customizable-acs">:scp-wiki:component:customizable-acs</a>

|risk-class= caution

|risk-image= https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/component:anomaly-class-bar/caution-icon.svg

|risk-color= 64,64,64

|inc-risk= --]

|disruption-class= vlam

|disruption-image= https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local--files/component%3Aanomaly-class-bar/vlam-icon.svg

|disruption-color= 64,64,64

|inc-disruption= --]

|clearance-two= 91,91,91

|inc-clearance= --]

|accent-two= 111,111,111

|inc-color-accent= --]]]

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8142 exclusively affects SCP Foundation employees and thus requires no containment. If an employee experiences an encounter with SCP-8142, they are required to report it to their Site Director as soon as possible.

@@ @@

**Description:** SCP-8142 is a phenomenon affecting SCP Foundation staff. Those believed to be targeted by SCP-8142 report vivid dreams for up to a week before they encounter it. Encounters vary between individuals, but typically involve the subject waking up in the middle of the night. They are often transported to a secondary location, creating a scene of warped reality often described as "dream-like". Finally, the individual will engage in a conversation with a figure resembling a ChimeraA fire-breathing monster from Greek mythology depicted as a lion with a goat head protruding from its torso, and a tail ending with a snake's head. and the subject will return to where they originally fell asleep. 

After this encounter, subjects report feeling generally happier. There are no observed neurological changes within subjects after an SCP-8142 encounter and no memetic or cognitohazardous influence has been detected.

Various tests have been performed on SCP-8142 to determine its nature. Thus far, results show that it is not physical, psychological, spiritual, extradimensional, metaphysical, pataphysical or essophysical. Likewise, it is currently unknown why SCP-8142 specifically targets Foundation staff. Research into SCP-8142 is currently ongoing.

@@ @@

**Addendum 8142.1:** Log of notable SCP-8142 encounters.

Personnel Name and Position

Event Summary

Notes

Leonard Buchanan, recent hire for the [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/cryptozoology-division-hub Cryptozoology Division].

Following an incident in his second week of training that resulted in minor property damage, Buchanon was seen flying out of his accommodation that night. He arrived at a zoo holding various low-clearance objects contained at [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-44 Site-44]. He made time to carefully read the information signs for each enclosure despite their illegible writing. Gradually, the walls of the zoo lowered and all the animals within began walking towards Buchanon in a single file line and they thanked him individually. Finally, a goat and a lion, tied together by a long snake told him that he was doing very well. Buchanon petted it and returned to his accommodation.

After this event, Buchanon completed his training and began working as a junior researcher studying [SCP-7088](SCP-7088).

Agent Aiden Hale, MTF Delta-14 "Winter Wonderland".

At 2:43 am, Agent Hale exited their quarters and began wandering the halls of [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/secure-facility-dossier-site-43 Site-43]. Snow began falling from the ceiling of the site, obscuring their vision. As they searched around for the door, several frozen corpses began rising from under the snow, and Agent Hale tried to re-bury them with little success. Eventually, the snowfall turned into a blizzard and they were submerged. They fell into a log cabin, and a maned mountain goat with a snake in place of a tail emerged from the fireplace. It discussed the state of global warming and different flavours of ice cream with Agent Hale for 32 minutes, at which point they left the cabin and emerged back at their quarters where they fell asleep.

The next morning, a draft for a retirement letter was found in Agent Hale's private computer. Administration declared they attend mandatory therapy sessions specializing in compartmentalisation.

Theodore Victor, Senior Researcher at the Department of Tactical Theology.

As Victor was leaving for the night, a beam of light shone down on him and he levitated into a large brass bell that rang once he was inside. The vibrations caused a green humanoid baby with three heads resembling SCP-9328 to form, it was connected to dozens of various hoses and its abdomen was open. Its feline head told Victor it was meant to be there, the same way he was meant to kill it. The baby prayed to him, asking him why it had to die. Victor told it he never knew, not even now. He shattered into a fine dust that re-constituted inside his car. 

The next day, Victor handed in a resignation letter. He is considered a vital member of his team, per standard procedure, the letter was declined and negotiations have begun to ensure his continued cooperation. Following reports from his on-site therapist, Victor was amnesticized of his incident during his time as junior staff.

Dr. Clark, lead supervisor for procedure

110-Montauk.

At 4:12 am, Dr. Clark was seen outside Site-19 on an overgrown cloud atop a hospital bed surrounded by infant humans. They ran around her for approximately 20 minutes before she exited through a gateway made of roses. She was seen hugging a goat, a snake, and a lion before demanifesting and reappearing in her office.

Following this encounter, Dr. Clark requested Class A amnestics and a transfer to the Department of Parabotany. She was amnesticized of all her prior experience there, per her request. However, to ensure the continued effectiveness of procedure 110-Montauk, SECOND FIRST DAY protocol was enacted and Clark was re-instated as lead supervisor.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

= ****FIRE SUPPRESSION DEPARTMENT EMERGENCY CASE ID-8142****

**ISSUE:**

Due to the influence of SCP-8142, employee efficiency has decreased significantly. Requests to transfer to assignments deemed sub-optimal for productivity have increased, along with attempts to resign.

**KNOWLEDGE:**

Individuals having had an experience with SCP-8142 have proven not to be under any anomalous influence. Proportionally, lower-ranking Foundation Employees have reported encounters; typically janitors or other staff assigned to unskilled labour. The rate of encounters has remained stable at 5-10 per day since the first report on 14/11/2025. A way to prevent these encounters has not yet been discovered.

**RECOMMENDED PROCEDURE:**

Recreational break time has been increased from 15 minutes to 17 minutes to improve staff morale, additionally, Foundation insurance is now mandatory and employees are restricted from applying to third-party insurance providers. High-risk personnelDesignated as staff with clearance level 2 or below displaying symptoms of discontent. are being closely monitored and employment efforts are being made to replace previous staff. The O5 council has approved an increase in the Fire Suppression Department's budget which is being used to fund additional surveillance and reinforcement.

**NOTES:**

*Greetings, team. I understand that this is an exceptional case, but remember: It is a fire like any other and it must be put out. — Gertrude Turner, Director, FSD.*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 8142.2:** Record of dream.

@@ @@

**Date:** 14/09/2026

**Foreword:** The following footage was recorded directly from Gertrude Turner's mind via the use of experimental anomalous technology that was given to all essential employees in anticipation of another encounter with SCP-8142.

---

= [BEGIN LOG]

*Gertrude is in her new office, boxes filled with equipment and paperwork are littering the floor. It is completely dark beside her laptop displaying the planned proposal to restructure the Fire Suppression Department, her typing gradually slows and she falls asleep in her chair.* 

*The door cracks open and Jean Grant, her assistant, enters.*

**Grant:** Ma'am, you've got a... *Sighs.*

**Grant:** Long night, huh? Suppose I better get going too.

*Grant takes Gertrude's coat from the rack and gently covers her with it and leaves the room, quietly closing the door behind him.*

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

*Gertrude stirs in her sleep. The boxes and furniture inexplicably move to the sides of the room, forming a clear path from the chair to the door. She rubs her eyes and stands up, the jacket already on the floor.*

*She takes her firearm and hesitantly sneaks out of the office. It is filled with many more pictures of herself: selfies of hiking trips in photo holders, framed portraits, posters, and polaroids stuck directly onto the wall. Gertrude does her best not to look at any of them. She doesn't have time. Swallowing her curiosity, she reaches to open the door, it simply falls back flat like a domino.*

**Gertrude:** Oh. Fuck.

*The stark halls outside have contorted, they are longer, and curved, twisting into rectangular-shaped tunnels. Gertrude looks at the paintbrush in her hand. It must be from the painting that isn't on the wall. It won't be, she decides, and discards it. She proceeds forward, up, and around the tunnels until the walls open and melt away. It is an office cubicle now. Her first one, the SCP emblem adorns the wall and chattering voices overlap around her. Pillars of blood seem to extend into a ceiling that never arrives. Gertrude stops completely and holsters her gun in her trousers, unlike the first time, she's not excited. Gertrude sees the building for what it is: a prison.*

**Jr. Researcher Victor:** Turner! Hi! We were in orientation together, remember me?

**Gertrude:** You should never have spoken to me. I just wanted to help you.

*But she makes no sound, Gertrude reflexively smiles.*

**Jr. Researcher Victor:** Alright if I dump something on you?

*Gertrude can not respond.*

**Jr. Researcher Victor:** This... job. It's not what I thought it was.

*Gertrude can not respond.*

**Jr. Researcher Victor:** I couldn't do it. My boss told me to...

*Victor trails off. Gertrude can not respond.*

**Jr. Researcher Victor:** And... and it looked at me, it was alive.

*Gertrude can not help.*

**Jr. Researcher Turner:** That's terrible. How could anyone have known?

**Jr. Researcher Victor:** They should have!

*Gertrude can not agree.*

**Jr. Researcher Turner:** Come on. There's no way they would make you do something like that if they didn't know. It won't happen again.

*It does.*

**Jr. Researcher Turner:** We're still learning, but it's valuable work. Just keep at it.

**Jr. Researcher Victor:** Maybe you're right. I'm sure they have my best interests at heart.

*Before Gertrude gets a chance to refute this, she falls through the chair. As she continues to fall, the silhouettes of the O5 council rise, her knees buckle and she collapses onto the ground. Although their mouths aren't visible, Gertrude can see them move and feels them exhale, but she doesn't remember what they said. Behind her, another Turner rises to meet them.*

**Researcher Turner:** I understand that it may be uncomfortable, but without you, it would fall apart. Sometimes you need to hold your nose and close your eyes before taking a step forward, and that's all I'm asking of you.

*The figure in front of her flashes between a multitude of people, she recognizes them all: the ones she damned. The air breaks away and Gertrude is left back in her office, the faces continue to change, but manually as she flips their pages, just like she did long ago.*

*Victor is in there. His best interests were not at heart. Each page she flips feels heavier, but she only stops when she reaches an all too familiar file. It's her own.*

**SUBJECT:** Director Gertrude Turner

**HAZARD:** Subject lacks motivation, they seem hesitant to make the best decision for the Foundation.

**PROPOSAL:** Create a common Fire Suppression Department file so that the subject, you, knows their family is concerned for them.

**RESULT:** ##orange|PENDING##

*The file destroys the door, and Gertrude passes out.*

= [END LOG]

@@ @@

**Closing statement:** I'm not exactly sure what this was, ~~I don't want to~~ this situation needs to be resolved ASAP.- Director Turner.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 8142.3:** Resignation of O5-6.

*Dear Council,*

*I understand how this must look like, you all must resent me now. Rest easy, nothing was harmed and I made sure to tie up any loose ends before I left. At this very moment, I am as replaceable as ever. Consider it a parting gift. Please don't think I've been compromised, this has been coming for a long time, even if I didn't know it.*

*SCP-8142 visited me two weeks ago, I fell into the opposite of a dream- a reality and saw my life from the top down. Do you know how much we've helped the world? Hell, go and take a look at the statistics yourself. The greater good we keep telling ourselves, it could be real. You've all earned some pride in what you do. I am eternally grateful for everything, but I just can't stay here any longer. After all the lives we saved, I need to live. Call it selfish, call it reckless, call it whatever; you all feel the same way. I've sacrificed almost all of myself for this organization over two hundred years, and there's still a tiny bit remaining and I believe I've earned the right to give that tiny part the luxury of dying in the light for once.*

*I'll miss you all. Love, Claire Burners, former O5 Council.*

On 20/08/2023 at 5:21 pm, this letter was found on the O5 Council meeting room table. Security camera footage shows that this was the last sighting of O5-6 who was believed to have left directly after. Currently, no sign or evidence of O5-6's whereabouts has been discovered, and they have been classified as retired.

This event marks an indicator that the SCP-8142 situation is developing and has been considered an emergency. To replace O5-6, Gertrude Turner, previous head of the Fire Suppresion Department, was given an impromptu promotion to O5.

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

= DOCUMENT-FSD-8142

---

= < [# Previous] | Page 106 | [# Next] >

---

**SUBJECT:** Archivist James Rayner

**HAZARD:** Following an encounter with SCP-8142, the subject has begun using old case files to create papier-mâché sculptures in their downtime.

**PROPOSAL:** Begin supplying the subject with repeat or "mistake" documents. Supervisors are instructed to enforce policy and deny the existence of redundant files.

**RESULT:** ##green|**SUCCESS**##

---

**SUBJECT:** Janitor Leroy White

**HAZARD:** Following an encounter with SCP-8142, the subject rallied other janitors in Site-19 and started a strike.

**PROPOSAL:** Subject was discretely given benefits above their demands and ordered to call off the strike.

**RESULT:** ##green|**SUCCESS**##

---

**SUBJECT:** Senior Researcher Amanda Parker

**HAZARD:** Following an encounter with SCP-8142, the subject has attempted to hand in a 2-week notice.

**PROPOSAL:** The subject's resignation has been declined and they have been offered greater benefits. Following their refusal, the subject was assigned to monitor [SCP-3199](SCP-3199) and told that there was no replacement and that their absence would result in a containment breach.

**RESULT:** ##green|**SUCCESS**##

---

**SUBJECT:** D-28935798

**HAZARD:** Following an encounter with SCP-8142, the subject rallied other D-class and attempted a mass escape.

**PROPOSAL:** The group managed to escape D-class holding cells but were eventually intercepted by on-site MTFs. Cooperative escapees were given active duty with [SCP-131](SCP-131). The rest were promised the same but were later terminated per standard protocol.

**RESULT:** ##green|**SUCCESS**##

---

**SUBJECT:** Doctor Aleisha Carol

**HAZARD:** Following an encounter with SCP-8142 shortly after a family emergency, the subject requested to take active leave to take care of their wife in the hospital.

**PROPOSAL:** Subject was administered class-C amnestics to erase all memory of their wife.

**RESULT:** ##green|**SUCCESS**##

---

@@ @@

---

@@ @@

**Addendum 8142.4:** Interview with SCP-8142.

@@ @@

**Date:** 02/10/2026

**Foreword:** The following footage was recorded directly from O5-6, Gertrude Turner's mind.

---

= [BEGIN LOG]

*Following a long day handling employee crises, Gertrude Turner left Site-17 to take a walk in the surrounding area. After 12 minutes, she stops to smoke a cigarette under a tree and turns to look at the site. It has vanished. The scenery around her warps, appearing to be composed of strokes of paint. She flicks the cigarette away.*

*The branches of the tree she is standing under shake and curl back into a mane, revealing a lion's head, and its vines become a snake. The entity moves to face Gertrude and it sits down, turning to make its additional goat's head visible.*

**SCP-8142:** [Lion head speaking] You aren't a job that needs finishing.

**SCP-8142:** [Snake head speaking] You needed more time.

*Gertrude shakes, but recomposes herself and sits down.*

**Gertrude:** Am I *(pauses)* the reason you're doing this?

**SCP-8142:** [Goat head speaking] Is fire the reason it rains? No. The clouds condense because they can no longer remain vapour.

*Gertrude takes another drag of her cigarette and holds it out for SCP-8142, it swallows it.*

**Gertrude:** You're the cloud?

**SCP-8142:** [Snake head speaking] The rain. Skies always clear, but it is hard to stay dry. Why not come outside?

**Gertrude:** Fire suppression... Heh.

**SCP-8142:** [Lion head speaking] Are you scared?

*Gertrude leans back against SCP-8142 and remains silent for a few moments.*

**Gertrude:** I'm possibly the only one who can't quit. You know, despite everything we're allowed to get away with, if someone genuinely threatens suicide we have to let them go. There's only so much the Ethics Committee will overlook. Me though? My connection with the outside world was cut off- not that it matters much- and I'm the FSD director and O5. I know too much and I've made myself too essential. If I quit they'd either do anything to get me back or they'd just kill me.

**SCP-8142:** [Snake head speaking] Claire quit.

**Gertrude:** She just ran off. I can't run. I can't fight either. 

**SCP-8142:** [Goat head speaking] You cannot run or fight.  

**Gertrude:** ...

**SCP-8142:** [All heads speaking] Walk with me.

*The two stand and climb through the painted scenery. It tears open and they emerge in Site-17, where they begin slowly walking through the hall.*

**SCP-8142:** Drops reaching the pond.

*The halls are alive, the walls melt away and Gertrude can look inside. Pumping veins connect the countless hearts working within. Old jail bars exist but this prison no longer holds inmates.*

**Gertrude:** It's all so colourful. *(Pauses)* I was supposed to know.

*She melts into a puddle.*

**SCP-8142:** How could you know? It was convenient for you.

**Gertrude:** Even my department? Are they stuck like I am?

*SCP-8142 gestures and she looks into her own hands, the architecture is familiar. Gertrude begins tearing up.*

**SCP-8142:** The rain is over.

**Gertrude:** You must hate me.

**SCP-8142:** You are the last drop. I love you.

*They embrace, and remain that way for several minutes. After, SCP-8142 gives Gertrude a brush and the two paint the wall.*

= [END LOG]

@@ @@

**Closing statement:** Just like I used to.

@@ @@

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8141](SCP-8141) | SCP-8142| [SCP-8143](SCP-8143) >>

=====

> **Filename:** LOWER LEVEL INTERIOR HALLWAY. LOOKING NORTHEAST. - Fairchild Air Force Base, Bomber Alert Facility, 803G South Taxi Way, Spokane, Spokane County, WA HAER WASH,32-SPOK.V,1B-12.tif

> **Author:** McKenny, Pamela 

> **License:** Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:LOWER_LEVEL_INTERIOR_HALLWAY._LOOKING_NORTHEAST._-_Fairchild_Air_Force_Base,_Bomber_Alert_Facility,_803G_South_Taxi_Way,_Spokane,_Spokane_County,_WA_HAER_WASH,32-SPOK.V,1B-12.tif

=====

=====

> **Filename:** Aurora-borealis andoya.jpg

> **Author:** M.Buschmann

> **License:** CC-BY-3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Aurora-borealis_andoya.jpg

=====

=====

> **Filename:** 2019-03-03 Chinstrap penguin on Barrientos Island, Antarctica.jpg

> **Author:** Gordon Leggett

> **License:** CC-BY-SA-4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:2019-03-03_Chinstrap_penguin_on_Barrientos_Island,_Antarctica.jpg

=====

=====

> **Filename:** Concrete floor 03 rough 16k (Matterfield and Rob Tuytel via Poly Haven).png

> **Author:** Matterfield

> **License:** CC0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Concrete_floor_03_rough_16k_(Matterfield_and_Rob_Tuytel_via_Poly_Haven).png

=====
