[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=right

|width=300px

|url=pleasework

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-8910 in containment, 2010.

]]

**Item Number:** SCP-8910

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** 

SCP-8910 is contained in a standard small animal habitat at Site-228, modified to accommodate an entity of SCP-8910's nature. The habitat consists of one living area furnished with appropriate bedding, enrichment items, and climbing structures. SCP-8910 is to be fed 200ml of blood collected from D-Class personnel and volunteering Foundation staff twice weekly through a dispensary attached to the eastern wall of its habitat.

One cardboard box that contains at least 200 grams of soil taken from eastern or southern Romania should always be present in SCP-8910's containment chamber.

**Description:** 

SCP-8910 is a female cat of apparent British Shorthair type, approximately 4-5kg, with a lilac-grey coat and amber eyes. SCP-8910 is sapient and fully conscious. It is fluent in Romanian and Hungarian, but can also understand spoken Bulgarian and Ottoman Turkish. Efforts to teach English to SCP-8910 have been partially successful, but they have been constrained by its disinterest in learning it. It is difficult for SCP-8910 to verbally communicate in any language it understands because its vocal tract, jaw, tongue and lip structure are not appropriate for producing human speech.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=6

|speed=250

|float=true

|align=left

|width=200px

|url=angrycat

|add-caption=true

|caption=SCP-8910 being held by Major Victor, photo taken from Victor's personal cell phone.

]]

SCP-8910 does not age, does not require nutrition beyond blood to survive, and heals from injuries at an accelerated rate. SCP-8910 is harmed by direct sunlight, experiencing painful burns on exposure to it. It is assumed that standing under the sun for more than a few seconds would be enough to cause fourth degree burns on SCP-8910's body. SCP-8910 is also harmed by contact with silver alloys that are more than 80% pure silver, which can cause temporary second degree burns, and garlic, which irritates its skin. SCP-8910 becomes distressed when in the presence of running water or a large number of small objects gathered in one spot. SCP-8910 cannot enter an enclosed space without being verbally invited by an occupant. This anomalous effect prevents SCP-8910 from entering buildings and small containers if they are occupied by another sapient being.Not being able to get into a cardboard box is particularly frustrating for SCP-8910 and it can cause the entity to become hostile toward the occupant. An incident like this occurred once, although it is unknown if the reason for its frustration was SCP-8910's affinity for cardboard boxes or that the occupant was [SCP-1370](SCP-1370). SCP-8910 denies being fond of cardboard boxes despite having made numerous requests for them during its time in containment.

SCP-8910 identifies itself as "Lady Ilona, the Immortal Queen of Darkness Eternal, the One who Waits" but prefers being referred to as "master" by Foundation personnel. "Ellie" and "Kitty Cat" can also be tolerated if the entity is in a calmer mood.

**Discovery:**

On 30/06/2009, a priest named Father Orsós Péter (53) from Dalnic, Covasna County, Transylvania, Romania was arrested after being accused of murdering the married couple Pap (86) and Major Victor (79) in their sleep. The SCP Foundation's Romanian branch requested MTF Psi-15 ("Van Helsing's Soldiers") to be dispatched to investigate the murders because the couple's bodies bore hallmarks of a HemovoreHemovores are a subgroup of Thanatotrophs -- a clinical term used for creatures colloquially known as vampires. attack. Request was granted.

> **Interviewer:** Agent Botond, MTF Psi-15

> 

> **Interviewed:** Father Orsós Péter

> 

> ----

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Botond:** Hello, Father.

> 

> **Péter:** I did not kill them.

> 

> **Botond:** I know, you already told that to the police.

> 

> **Péter:** Because I did not kill them!

> 

> **Botond:** What do you know about the murders?

> 

> **Péter:** Nothing!

> 

> **Botond:** Really? Because you told the police officers, and this is a direct quote, "A demon possessing the body of a cat killed Pap and Major." Is this right?

> 

> **Péter:** I... I want a lawyer.

> 

> **Botond:** A lawyer would just have you locked up in an insane asylum. I can help you get out of this situation a free man, Father. Because I believe you.

> 

> **Péter:** What?

> 

> **Botond:** I believe you, Father. I believe you're innocent. Only a demonic entity could do such a thing.

> 

> **Péter:** You're lying. You're lying to make me trust you.

> 

> **Botond:** I've seen the bodies, Father. There were two small holes on the necks of each victim. Their bodies had been almost entirely drained of blood. And all the crucifixes in the house had been turned upside down.

> 

> **Péter:** No. No, no, no, no. *(covers face with hands)* God help us.

> 

> **Botond:** I have photographic evidence of the crime scene if you're not-

> 

> **Péter:** No, don't. Who... who are you people?

> 

> **Botond:** We are just people who want to help you. 

> 

> **Péter:** Do... do you believe in Jesus Christ, my son?

> 

> **Botond:** Yes, Father.

> 

> **Péter:** And do you believe in demons?

> 

> **Botond:** Yes.

> 

> **Péter:** Well, I don't. I don't believe in demons anymore. Because I know they exist. I've seen one of them with my own eyes. I saw the devil come to Dalnic one night and walk slowly as it passed by the church. I tried to get its attention, I wanted to do some good for a poor stray animal but it hissed at me. Its eyes grew five times in size, its sharp teeth grew to the size of my middle finger, its mouth was covered with dried blood. I heard the screams of the souls it devoured, coming from deep down its throat, an unholy creature of the night disguised as an innocent house animal. I tripped and fell on my back and ran into the church to hide. I prayed all night and tried to forget what I saw.

> 

> **Botond:** Was that the night the murders took place?

> 

> **Péter:** No. That was the night Pap and Major let the devil into their house. They heard a stray cat scratch their door with its paws that night, they told me, and they let it in. The cat was cold, they said, and had the biggest, saddest eyes they'd seen on any animal. I saw the hellfire in the creature's eyes, it stared into my soul with an intense mix of fear and hatred as it knew I was a man of god. I demanded they keep it away from their house and the town. It took much talking but I convinced them to kick it out. It came back. Again and again it came back. I demanded they kill it but they rallied the whole town against me, calling me a madman, a fanatic!

> 

> *Father Péter crosses himself.*

> 

> **Péter:** Our Lord in heaven, forgive your children Pap and Major for they did not know better. They were good Christians but the devil came to them in the form of the child they could never have. Have mercy on their souls, my Lord.

> 

> **Botond:** Father. What happened to the cat?

> 

> **Péter:** On the night of the murder I saw it walk away from the house, covered from head to toe with blood. I was alone in the church with Sándor, a young orphaned girl sweeping the floors of the building, and I was forced to do something I'm not proud of.

> 

> **Botond:** Father?

> 

> **Péter:** Sándor's parents had left her in a crucial time of her life and she knew very little of the world around her. She did not talk much or go outside, and she was a virgin, free of sin. I knew the demon could not resist the lure of a pure soul. I told her there is a cat outside, gave her some chicken bones from her lunch earlier that day, and sent her outside to feed it. She approached the cat, I don't know if she didn't notice the blood or just didn't think too much about it, and she held out her hand. The creature smelled the bones for a while and bit the girl's hand. Its mouth opened wide, wider than it should've been possible, and the girl understood what it really was. I rushed to her rescue with holy water, which made the creature wince in pain. And then I kicked it as hard as I could in its belly and stomped its head with my foot until it fell unconscious.

> 

> **Botond:** Oh. So it died?

> 

> **Péter:** No. I noticed its wounds were healing. So I immediately grabbed the cross hanging from my neck and started a prayer to bind the demon's soul to the body of the cat lying before me so it wouldn't assume a deadlier form. Once the beast woke up, it tried to return to its true form but failed. I think it then told me to fornicate with my mother but its voice sounded like an angry baby that had swallowed a harmonica, so it was a bit hard to understand. Pretty sure it had something to do with incest though. I can't decide if it said mother or aunt. 

> 

> **Botond:** That... really doesn't matter right now. 

> 

> **Péter:** Yes, I know. Poor Pap and Major. They had more than sixty wonderful years of marriage together only to have it destroyed by something they opened their arms to with good intentions. I find comfort in knowing the beast can't do much harm anymore in its current form.

> 

> **Botond:** Wait. Is the cat still out there?

> 

> **Péter:** I think so. Unless it somehow found a way to break free from the body I trapped it in and change form again.

> 

> **Botond:** Huh. Okay. Thank you, Father, and sorry for your loss.

> 

> **Péter:** No, I thank you, my son. You saved me from prison. The police will let me go now, right?

> 

> **Botond:** Yes, yes, of course. I have to go report something to my superiors now, so goodbye and thanks for all your help.

> 

> **Péter:** Don't mention it, my son. May the Lord always be in your heart.

> 

> [END LOG]

Following this interview, MTF Psi-15 agents were able to lure SCP-8910 in using a local virgin boy as bait. SCP-8910 was found hiding in a barn in Dalnic. It attempted to attack the boy by biting its ankle, and Foundation agents attempted to subdue it using holy water and prayer. This did not have the expected effect on SCP-8910, who attempted to escape but was held down and beaten repeatedly by the boy until it couldn't move. SCP-8910's semi-conscious body was transported to the nearest Foundation facility to await transfer to Site-228.

Attempts to communicate with SCP-8910 yielded unsatisfactory results at first. SCP-8910 was provided with a keyboard, a device it wasn't very familiar with, and taught how to use it for communication with some difficulty. 

> **Interviewer:** Doctor Vörös Albert

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8910

> 

> **Date:** 05/07/2009

> 

> ----

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Junior Researcher Katona Tünde:** Doctor Albert, good morning.

> 

> **Albert:** Good morning to you too, Katona. So. Have we made any progress on teaching 8910 how to use the keyboard?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** RELEASE MY SOUL FROM THIS PATHETIC VESSEL AND ALLOW IT TO RETURN TO HELL YOU CROOKED HAIRLESS HUMORLESS BABOONS

> 

> **Albert:** Oh, wow. Impressive work, team. Is the Caps Lock key broken though?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I AM SHOUTING AT YOU WITH WRITTEN WORDS YOU FREAKISHLY TALL ILLITERATE HOG. GO FUCK YOUR MOTHER

> 

> **Albert:** So the priest wasn't lying.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** DO YOU KNOW OF THE PRIEST WHO IMPRISONED ME. BRING HIM HERE NOW

> 

> **Albert:** Too late. Already gave him amnestics. I think we should start from the beginning. Hi, SCP-8910, my name is Doctor Albert and I work for the SCP Foundation. Do you have a preferred name or title?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I AM LADY ILONA. THE IMMORTAL QUEEN OF DARKNESS ETERNAL. THE ONE WHO WAITS. I DEMAND TO SEE THE PRIEST WHO PUT ME IN THIS PRISON LESS YOU WANT TO TASTE MY WRATH

> 

> **Albert:** To me, you just seem like an ordinary cat. Why should I be afraid of you?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I AM THE MASTER OF ALL CREATURES OF THE NIGHT. BATS. WOLVES. CATS. RATS. OWLS ALL FALL UNDER MY COMMAND. FEAR ME FOR I WILL DRAIN YOU OF LIFE AND LEAVE YOU AS MERE SKIN AND BONES. RELEASE ME AND I WILL REWARD YOU WITH LIFELONG SERVITUDE

> 

> **Albert:** We unfortunately don't know where the priest is now.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** THEN RELEASE ME AND I SHALL FIND HIM MYSELF

> 

> **Albert:** Not happening. Besides, what would you even do with him? You can't harm him in this state.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** SILENCE!!!!!!

> 

> **Albert:** It doesn't make you more intimidating to write in all caps or add exclamation marks to the end.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** SILENCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!

> 

> **Albert:** Okay, okay, I get it.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I HAVE DEFEATED YOU IN QUARREL MORTAL NOW I SHALL STRIKE YOU DOWN WITH MY CLAWS. OPEN THE GATES AND RELEASE ME SO WE CAN FIGHT TO DEATH

> 

> **Albert:** No.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I CAN STILL SMELL YOUR BLOOD. IT IS SUCH A STRONG SENSATION. I WILL NOT HAVE MY ORDERS REFUSED BY A MEATBAG LIKE YOU. YOU ARE WORTHY OF NO MORE THAN BEING MY SLAVE.

> 

> **Albert:** I am not going to engage with your insults. If you cooperate and answer my questions we will grant any reasonable requests you have from us.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I THIRST FOR THE BLOOD OF VIRGINS

> 

> **Albert:** Well, I can't guarantee it will be from virgins but I think we could fetch you some blood if you answer my questions. 

> 

> **SCP-8910:** WHAT IS YOUR INQUIRY

> 

> **Albert:** By saying you're the master of creatures of the night, do you mean you're a vampire?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I CANNOT MAKE THAT MORE OBVIOUS

> 

> **Albert:** But if you are a vampire, why are you like... this?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** WHEN THE PRIEST SUMMONED MY LONG DEAD SOUL FROM HELL AND FORCED IT TO GO BACK INTO MY BODY I WAS IN THIS FORM. NOW MY SOUL HAS BEEN BOUND TO THIS FELINE VESSEL AND I CANNOT GO BACK

> 

> **Albert:** Well, Ilona, could you tell me... What? What are you typing now?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** YOU DO NOT GET TO CALL ME BY NAME MORTAL YOU DO NOT GET TO USE THAT NAME YOU GANGLY FUCKING APE I WILL CRUSH YOU LIKE A BUG

> 

> **Albert:** I am starting to regret teaching you how to type.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** YOU SHALL CALL ME MASTER. BECAUSE YOU ARE NO MORE THAN MY SLAVE

> 

> **Albert:** Okay, master. Could you please tell me where you originally came from and how you became a vampire?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I WAS ONCE A LOW APE LIKE YOU LIVING AS A VILLAGER IN MY HOME LAND WALLACHIA UNTIL MY BASTARD FATHER SOLD ME TO A FAMILY OF VAMPIRES IN EXCHANGE OF MANY RICHES. I LATER LIVED FOR MANY YEARS AS A SLAVE TO MY UNHOLY MASTERS UNTIL HUNYADI THE CONQUERORSCP-8910 was probably referring to John Hunyadi, a regent and national hero of Hungary who lived in the 15th century. Hunyadi invaded Wallachia in 1447, which means SCP-8910 was over 562 years old at the time of this interview. LAUNCHED A CRUSADE TO REMOVE VLAD DRACUL AND CLEANSE WALLACHIA FROM THE UNHOLY BEASTS THAT LIVED IN ITS SHADOWS. HIS ARMIES HUNTED DOWN MY MASTERS BUT LET ME LIVE BECAUSE THEY KNEW I WAS BUT A HUMAN SLAVE. BUT THEY LEFT ME BEHIND TO STARVE ACCUSING ME OF HAVING BETRAYED HUMANITY BY ALIGNING MYSELF WITH DEMONRY. ONE OF MY MASTERS USED HER DYING BREATH TO SEND MY SOUL TO HELL AND MAKE ME AN UNHOLY BEAST AS A FINAL PUNISHMENT. OR MAYBE IT WAS INTENDED AS A GIFT. DOESN'T MATTER NOW. ONCE I FIGURE OUT HOW TO DESTROY MY CHAINS I WILL DO THE SAME TO YOU AS WELL.

> 

> **Albert:** Not very wise of you to threaten me given that you are my prisoner.

> 

> *SCP-8910 hisses, runs to the glass that separates it and Dr. Albert and starts scratching it furiously while showing its teeth to the personnel on the other side of the glass. Dr. Albert rolls his eyes. SCP-8910 eventually gives up and runs back to the keyboard.*

> 

> **SCP-8910:** YOUR DARK MAGIC CANNOT CONTAIN MY POWER FOREVER

> 

> **Albert:** This feels like a good moment to end this interview. I would talk more but my schedule is very busy. 

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I HAVE NOT DISMISSED YOU YET SLAVE. YOU DO NOT HAVE PERMISSION TO LEAVE

> 

> **Albert:** You're a cat. I don't care. Before I leave, do you have anything to ask me or any requests to make from me or my superiors?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** WHAT COULD I POSSIBLY WANT FROM YOU INCOMPETENT FLESH PUPPETS

> 

> **Albert:** You don't want me to bring you anything? Like some cat food or milk? Since I'm supposed to be your slave and you my master.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** YES VERY GOOD MY LOYAL SERVANT. I WISH ONLY FOR TEN VIRGINS PURE OF HEART SO I MAY DRINK THEIR BLOOD STRAIGHT FROM THEIR VEINS UNTIL THEY CAN NO LONGER FIND IN THEMSELVES THE POWER TO HOLD ONTO THIS MORTAL REALM

> 

> **Albert:** So, you want blood? I'll see what I can do. Bye then.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** NO I SPECIFICALLY ASKED FOR 

> 

> **SCP-8910:** HE'S ALREADY LEAVING. HE'S GONE ISN'T HE? FUCKING MEATBAG.

> 

> *SCP-8910 stares at the researchers and guards standing on the other side of the glass for a moment before it starts typing again.*

> 

> **SCP-8910:** FOR SOME REASON I FEEL A SUDDEN URGE TO GET INSIDE A VERY SMALL DARK SPACE AND CURL UP. THIS MUST BE MY BODY GETTING TIRED. FETCH ME SOME PLACE TO SLUMBER AND PUT SOME SOIL TAKEN FROM MY ANCESTRAL HOME IN IT SO I CAN REST MY SERVANTS

> 

> **Tünde:** Is she talking to us now? Uhh, sure, master. Why not. We'll get those things for you.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** EXCELLENT.

> 

> [END LOG]

> **Interviewer:** Doctor Vörös Albert

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8910

> 

> **Date:** 10/07/2009

> 

> ----

> 

> [BEGIN LOG]

> 

> **Albert:** Alright. It's been, what, a week or so? How are you doing, 8910?

> 

> *SCP-8910 stares at Dr. Albert.*

> 

> **Albert:** Right, my bad. How have you been master?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Bad

> 

> **Albert:** Why is that?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** the blood you give me tastes wrong

> 

> **Albert:** What kind of blood have you been giving her?

> 

> **Tünde:** 200 mililiters of bovine blood biweekly. And by biweekly I mean twice a week.

> 

> **Albert:** Are you not happy with this arrangement, master?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** NO i wanted blood of virgins with pure souls

> 

> **Albert:** We can't give you human blood. 

> 

> **SCP-8910:** oh but you will

> 

> **Albert:** You sound so certain.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** *(verbally)* Give... me... virgin... blood.

> 

> **Albert:** Is it trying to say something? I think it told me to give something.

> 

> **Tünde:** It's a bit hard to understand but I think she demanded you give her virgins to drink the blood of. 

> 

> **Albert:** If that's the case, the answer is still no. What did you think saying it out loud would change?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** *(typing)* I thought it would hypnotize you

> 

> **Albert:** Oh yeah, vampires can do that. Why didn't it work?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** its hard to speak when cat

> 

> **Albert:** Of course. I'm glad you are calmer today, it was a bit of a pain in the neck trying to have a conversation with you when you were yelling all the time.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** its because you have pledged loyalty to me my servants

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Were you deceiving me?

> 

> **Albert:** No, master. We're all totally your loyal servants. 

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Then why won't you bring me the priest or give me virgin blood when i demand it

> 

> **Albert:** We can't find the priest and we can't just sacrifice people for you.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** what do you mean you can't

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I don't think you understand how servitude works. you don't get to turn down demands

> 

> **Albert:** My superiors won't allow me. I can't help it.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I am your superior. you slave

> 

> **Albert:** I get that but I was a slave before you met me. I have other masters, people more powerful than you are.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** What? no mere mortal can challenge my power

> 

> **Albert:** They're not mortals.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** what. can i meet them

> 

> **Albert:** Absolutely not.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** interesting.

> 

> **Albert:** Yes, yes, it is. Anyway, I see some other changes have been made to your habitat. Are you satisfied with them?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** mostly

> 

> **Tünde:** We gave her a box with soil we gathered from Romania and one of those things cats use to sharpen their claws. See that over there?

> 

> **Albert:** Yeah, yeah, I know cat owners have those.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I did not even ask for that one but thank you for your consideration

> 

> **Albert:** Why did you get her a cardboard box though? You could've just gotten her a regular cat bed. 

> 

> **Tünde:** Yes but... she's a cat. A cardboard box should be enough.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** yes but some variety would nice. i would like to lie down in a bed sometimes when i like to do it

> 

> **Tünde:** Fine. I'll remember that.

> 

> **Albert:** Great. I'm glad we're starting to get along. 

> 

> **Tünde:** Maybe we should get her some more toys. She seems to like the one we got her. 

> 

> **Albert:** And a cat litter.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Very good my servants. you are learning fast

> 

> **Albert:** We shouldn't lose sight of what we're trying to do here. Master, I would like to talk to you more about your origins today.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** what information do you desire. would you like to learn about that time i disguised myself as a wandering gypsy to trick a fraudster into letting me into his cottage

> 

> **Albert:** I would like you to tell me more about your early days as a vampire in general, yes.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** i will do that but you would have to do something for me

> 

> **Albert:** What's that? 

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I know humans sometimes like to gently stroke their animal masters to appease their desire for companionship. i have seen it before with dogs cats and cows

> 

> **Albert:** You want me to pet you?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** please do it. i would make you do it but can't because no hypnosis when cat. i have an itch i am tired of licking myself i need petting please please please

> 

> **Albert:** If I get in there, will you bite my hand and drink my blood?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** i mean i will try to do it probably but i wouldn't if you just gave me virgin blood

> 

> **Albert:** Fine, I will see if I can get my superiors to give you some human blood. But I can't guarantee they'll al be virgins. Then I'll come in there and pet you or scratch your itch or whatever.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** good enough

> 

> **Albert:** By the way, I now realize I haven't introduced myself to you. How rude of me. My name is Vörös. And this is my assisstant-

> 

> **Tünde:** She already knows my name.

> 

> **Albert:** Really? Good. Now that we all know each other, let's hear that story you said you would tell us, my master.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Of course of course

> 

> **SCP-8910:** the year was 1447 and i think the season was winter

> 

> [REDACTED FOR BREVITY]

> 

> [END LOG]

> **Interviewer:** Doctor Katona Tünde

> 

> **Interviewed:** SCP-8910

> 

> **Date:** 22/11/2024

> 

> ----

> 

> **Tünde:** Hello again, master. It's been a long time since we last talked.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Yes my servant. Why do you come by so rarely nowadays? I used to see you once every few days.

> 

> **Tünde:** I had a lot of work to do. I had to work on my doctorate and more recently I had to plan and attend a wake.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Really? Did someone close to you pass away?

> 

> **Tünde:** Yeah. It was Doctor Albert, my... my other master. You knew him.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** What? He is gone?

> 

> **Tünde:** Yes, I'm afraid he is.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Is that why I haven't seen him in so long?

> 

> **Tünde:** Yes.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Why didn't anyone tell me anything?

> 

> **Tünde:** We told you he was sick.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** But you said it was nothing serious

> 

> **Tünde:** It wasn't. He got the coronavirus. He got over it but he was an old man, so he died of sepsis.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Old? How old

> 

> **Tünde:** Seventy-six years old.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I thought humans live to see 90

> 

> **Tünde:** A lot of us do but that happens more rarely than you seem to think it does.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Why wasn't i invited to the funeral procession

> 

> **Tünde:** Oh, you can if you'd like. The wake was yesterday, the funeral hasn't been held yet. We could tell people you were his cat he adopted from the streets or something.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** I can't go out into the sun

> 

> **Tünde:** We'll figure something out.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** He was a good familiar. I will miss our conversations and scratches he used to give me on my chin and behind my ear. he used to entertain me by shaking that mouse toy in front of me and accompany me in my walks around the facility

> 

> **Tünde:** I can still do all of those things for you.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** how old are you

> 

> **Tünde:** Forty.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** You have 36 years left before you are at the age vörös died. what will i have then. I will have nothing and still be a cat

> 

> **Tünde:** You shouldn't concern yourself by thinking about that, master. What matters is that I'm alive now and I'm here for you.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Thank you, my servant

> 

> **Tünde:** Now, would you like me to come in there and scratch the behind of your ear like Doctor Albert used to do?

> 

> **SCP-8910:** No thank you. I think i would like to be left alone for now. I am not in the mood

> 

> **Tünde:** Very well. Take care, master.

> 

> **SCP-8910:** Goodbye for now my friend.

> 

> [END LOG]

<< [SCP-8909](SCP-8909) | SCP-8910 | [SCP-8911](SCP-8911) >>
