**Item #:** SCP-8982

**Object Class:** Thaumiel

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8982 is currently housed in standard staff living quarters at Site-91. SCP-8982 is permitted to freely travel through the facility with level 1 access permissions. Requests made by SCP-8982 are to be approved by researchers of level 3 access or above and accepted within reason.

**Addendum: Special Containment Procedures:** Following recent medical developments, SCP-8982 must receive a weekly appointment with an on-site Foundation psychologist. Additionally, SCP-8982 is no longer permitted to wander the site without supervision from a member of medical personnel.

**Description:** SCP-8982 is a Caucasian male human discovered in ████, England. On initial discovery, SCP-8982 appeared approximately 6 years old with no discernible physical characteristics atypical of a child his age.

Unpredictably, SCP-8982 has displayed the capability to describe, in detail, visions of future events. These visions vary from predicting small clerical errors to warning of various K-class scenarios. These occur unpredictably, with a time-frame between visions ranging from 10 minutes to 6 weeks as of current Foundation testing. SCP-8982 does not display understanding of these visions, often requesting an explanation on what they mean.

These visions have been proven accurate through Foundation testing, with the lengths of time between the vision and the events of it unfolding holding an unknown level of variance. The current fastest recorded time for a vision to occur took place 12 seconds after SCP-8982 claims to have seen it. This vision described a Foundation researcher being knocked unconscious from a falling ceiling tile, which fell on Researcher Daniels as SCP-8982 began to describe the vision to her.

For a full list of notable visions, see "Addendum: SCP-8982 Vision Log".

<details>
<summary>Addendum: Initial Discovery</summary>

SCP-8982 was initially discovered by Foundation agents on 22/4/1951, following his detainment by local police. A copy of the initial police report can be found below.

>███████, ████ ██████████ **Police Force**

> **Officer name:** Joshua Kenny

> 

> 

> **Background:** A young student, James ██████, at ████████ Primary School was initially reported to a member of teaching staff after making threats to multiple of his classmates when taking the bus, claiming "they would die in a bus crash". He was originally reprimanded by teaching staff and police were not informed. This decision changed when all students threatened by ██████ passed away the following Friday in a fatal traffic accident, following which police were informed and the boy was brought in for questioning.

> 

> 

> **Interview Notes:** I initially began the interview by asking if he needed anything and if he was alright. He said he was fine and wanted to see his parents, whom were in the waiting area, so I told him he could see them after answering some questions. After that, I asked him if he knew anything about the crash that happened earlier today, which is when he said he saw that it was going to happen. He then began to ask if the classmates he had spoken to earlier in the week, all of which had died on impact, were okay. I told him they were fine, to which he seemed relieved, claiming that he "warned them".

> After this, I left him in the room for a few minutes, returning with a cup of water for him. When I got back, he was staring into space and his eyes had gone wide. I asked him if he was alright, when he turned to me and stated "It's screaming for help. They've trapped it. It's going to get out. It can't get out. The pipe will burst. The floor will crumble." Whilst pointing towards a corner of the room. At this point, I decided to conclude the interview and handed him over to Officer Hill.

Following this interview, SCP-8982 was found by Foundation personnel after SCP-████ breached containment in a nearby foundation facility due to water damage inside its containment chamber. The above report was then confiscated by integrated personnel inside of the ████ ████████ Police Department and SCP-8982 was transferred to a nearby Foundation facility. A small disinformation campaign was released, claiming it was being sent to a juvenile rehabilitation facility and its family had lost custody.

> **Interview Log**

> 

> **Date:** 23/4/1951

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Cliff

> **Subject:** SCP-8982

> **Stenographer:** Doctor Bates

> ----

> **Researcher Cliff:** Hi! I'm Dan, what's your name?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 is unresponsive. It shuffles in its seat, avoiding eye contact with Researcher Cliff and occasionally glancing over at Doctor Bates.>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Are you okay? Can I get you anything?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 begins to tug at its shirt>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Would you like one of these?

> 

> *<Researcher Cliff retrieves a blanket and a teddy bear from a small bag by his side and places them on the table. SCP-8982 looks between the items for a while before pointing at the bear. Researcher Cliff hands it the bear and places the blanket back inside the bag>*

> 

> *<Researcher Cliff watches as SCP-8982 plays with the bear for about a minute before speaking up>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Now, could you tell me your name?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 hesitates for a moment before looking down at the toy bear in its hands>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Yogi Bear.

> 

> *<SCP-8982 giggles to itself>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** (*chuckling*) Okay then Mr. Yogi Bear, can I ask you about these visions you've been having?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** I don't know.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** That's okay. Do you get to choose when you have these visions?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** I don't think so.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Alright. How long have you been having these visions?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 appears to think to itself before shrugging>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** That's fine. You're doing great, buddy.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** I don't like it in here.

> 

> *<SCP-8982 looks around the corners of the room, fidgeting with the bear in its hands>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Tell you what, if you answer one more question we can go play in your new room with some trains. Does that sound good?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 looks up at Researcher Cliff with visible interest and nods its head>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Great! Now I want you to think real hard for this one. Have you had any more of those visions since you were at the police station?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** I don't think I have.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Are you sure?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 nods>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Okay then. Let me or someone else know if you do, okay?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Okay. Can we play now?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Sure thing, buddy.

Following this interview, Daniel Cliff was promoted to Lead Researcher on SCP-8982 and began teaching SCP-8982 with the help of other assigned researchers. Routine interviews were conducted in this time to assess progress made in SCP-8982's development. For a full list of progress reports, see "Addendum: Progress Reports".

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Addendum: Progress Reports</summary>

> **Interview Log**

> 

> **Date:** 10/8/1951

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Cliff

> **Subject:** SCP-8982

> **Stenographer:** Doctor Bates

> 

> **Subject Age:** 6

> ----

> **Researcher Cliff:** Hey, James. How are you?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 assesses its surroundings>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Why are we in here again?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Well, you've been here for a few months now and we wanted to check in on how you're progressing and finding it all.

> 

> *<SCP-8982 glances over at Doctor Bates before looking back to Researcher Cliff>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** (*whispered*) What's he doing in here?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Don't pay any attention to him. He's just noting down what we say for my bosses. They'd quite like to hear how you're getting on.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Okay. What do I say?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Well, they'd quite like to know what you've been learning about in your lessons. What have we taught you?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 shrugs, looking over at Doctor Bates>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** You don't remember anything? What about what all your lessons with Researcher Palms?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** She taught me all about plants and how they eat the light using (*sounded out*) pho-toe-sin-thesis.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** (*smiling*) And Researcher Phyla?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** (*giggling*) She taught me how to say poop in Latin.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** (*glancing at Doctor Bates and frowning*) Oh really? (*smiling at SCP-8982*) Well anyways, what about your favourite lessons?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 looks puzzled>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Researcher Phyla?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** No! My lessons. What did I teach you about?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Oh. You taught me about maths and adding and subtracting and counting to 100. But your lessons are boring.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Really? I thought you liked my lessons.

> 

> *<SCP-8982 shrugs, before looking over at Doctor Bates>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** (*To Doctor Bates*) What are you doing?

> 

> *<Researcher Cliffs looks annoyed for a moment, before his eyes light up>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** He's using a typewriter. Would you like him to teach you how to use one?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 looks back and forth between Researcher Cliff and Doctor Bates before turning to Researcher Cliff and nodding>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Great! I'm sure Doctor Bates will be more than happy to show you how they work.

> 

> *<SCP-8982 smiles while looking over at Doctor Bates>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Right! Well, that should conclude this report. Change of plans, you won't be having your lesson with Researcher Phyla today, instead you'll be doing some maths with me.

> 

> *<SCP-8982 sighs>*

Note: SCP-8982 is to be referred to as SCP-8982. It is not human. I will not remind you again.

@@ @@

> **Interview Log**

> 

> **Date:** 10/8/1952

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Cliff

> **Subject:** SCP-8982

> **Stenographer:** Doctor Bates

> 

> **Subject Age:** 7

> ----

> **Researcher Cliff:** Hello, SCP-8982.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Why are you calling me that?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** I am required to refer to you as your full Foundation designation.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** I don't like it.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** (*hesitant*) I'm sorry. I'm not allowed to call you anything else. (*whispered*) I'll get you some sweets to say sorry later.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Okay! Why are we here?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** It's been a year since our last progress report on what you've been learning. Can you quickly describe what you've learned over the past year?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Alright. You taught me all about multiplying, dividing, fractions and negative numbers.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** And have you started to enjoy your maths lessons more?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 pauses briefly>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** A little.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** How do you think I can make your lessons more fun for you?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 shrugs>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Whatever, we can talk about that later. What else have you learned?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Well, Researcher Palms was showing me all about leaves and what's inside them and then I asked about the little trees she has in her office and she said that they're (*spelling out*) "bonds eye" trees and that you make them by cutting off a little bit of a big tree and growing that as a tree and then I asked her to show me and- (*SCP-8982 inhales deeply*) then she showed me how to make one and I have a little tree in my room that she let me keep that I get to look after. 

> 

> *<Researcher Cliff appears stunned for a moment,>>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Wow. I've never seen you this excited. Tell you what, how would you like me to set up some more lessons with Researcher Palms for you?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 nods excitedly>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Great. Well, that concludes today's log. Now I believe you've got a lesson with Doctor Bates, so I'll leave you two to it.

Note: I'm done trying to win him over. You win, Palms. It appears we've got ourselves a young biologist. - Cliff

@@ @@

> **Interview Log**

> 

> **Date:** 30/11/1956

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Cliff

> **Subject:** SCP-8982

> **Stenographer:** Doctor Bates

> 

> **Subject Age:** 11

> ----

> **Researcher Cliff:** Hiya, SCP-8982!

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Hi.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Do you know why we're in here today?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 shakes its head>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Do you know what day it is?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 once again shakes its head>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** (*appearing concerned*) Really? I'll put in a request for a calendar for your room. (*once again excitedly*) But anyways, today you turn 11 years old!

> 

> *<SCP-8982's eyes light up>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** And since you've worked so hard to help us with your powers and in all your lessons, I've managed to get the higher ups to let me get something for you.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** What is it?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 jumps out of its seat>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Now then, hold on a second. Close your eyes. I'm gonna get it now. It's a surprise.

> 

> *<SCP-8982 covers its eyes with its hands, attempting to peek through its fingers.>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Hey! I said no peeking!

> 

> *<SCP-8982 giggles and covers its eyes fully this time>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Okay... Now look!

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Woah!

> 

> *<SCP-8982 rushes to the table and picks up a microscope with a bow on it. It immediately sticks its finger under the lens and begins looking through it.>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** I know you like to play with the microscopes in your lessons with Researcher Palms, so I thought I'd get you one of your own. Maybe you could have a look at your bonsai up close with it? Now make sure to be careful with it becau-

> 

> *<SCP-8982 rushes over to Researcher Cliff and hugs him>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Thank you!

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** (*smiling*) You're very welcome. How about we go try it out in your room now? That sound like a plan?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 nods>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Right, then I think we're done in here. Thank you for helping me record this, Bates.

@@ @@

> **Interview Log**

> 

> **Date:** 25/12/1958

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Cliff

> **Subject:** SCP-8982

> **Stenographer:** Researcher Cliff

> 

> **Subject Age:** 13

> ----

> **Researcher Cliff:** Afternoon, ~~James~~ SCP-8982.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Afternoon, ~~Dan~~ Researcher Cliff.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** How have things been with your lessons recently?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Alright. I've just finished the laws of logs with you, I've gotten real fast at typing on that thing with Doctor Bates and-

> 

> *<SCP-8982 pauses for a moment to think>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Actually, where is Doctor Bates? And everyone else, actually? Feels like nearly everyone disappears on December 25th except for you and a few of the guards and doctors.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** You don't remember?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 appears puzzled>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Oh. I suppose we don't really celebrate it in the Foundation, but most people celebrate a holiday called Christmas today. They're all at home spending time with their families. You would be too if you weren't... well-

> 

> *<The room falls silent>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** But if everyone goes home to their families, why are you here?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** I don't really have anyone to spend time with outside the Foundation. 

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Do you not have a wife or something?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** She passed. A long time ago. During childbirth. Baby didn't make it either.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Oh.

> 

> *<The room is silent for several seconds>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Well you can spend time with me.

> 

> *<Excerpt lost as Researcher Cliff stopped typing. Excerpt continues once he returns.>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Apologies. Not sure what came over me. That was a very nice thing for you to say. Tell you what, how about we pick this interview up another time. Today let's just have some fun.

Note: Following this interview, Researcher Cliff brought SCP-8982 to sit with him and talk whilst he filled out his remaining paperwork for the day.

@@ @@

> **Interview Log**

> 

> **Date:** 2/3/1962

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Cliff

> **Subject:** SCP-8982

> 

> **Subject Age:** 16

> ----

> *Begin Log*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Hi, SCP-8982. How are you?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Hi, Researcher Cliff. Where's Bates? Don't we need him to take notes?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** No. They've just given us a new device that lets us record our voices and play it back later. I'll still take notes but there's also a recorder now. I can show you how it works in a bit.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Cool. So, you said you had something important to tell me?

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Yes. So, outside of the Foundation, someone would typically leave formal education around your age, unless they chose to pursue it further. Despite my efforts, I wasn't able to convince the higher ups to let you get any further typical formal education.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** So what does that-

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** (*interrupting*) However, they have said that they're impressed by your understanding of biology and your progress with Researcher Palms. They've permitted you to work under her, as her assistant.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Wait. They're offering me a job? Does that mean I'll be working on other anomalies.

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** Sort of. You won't be able to work with anything deemed dangerous, as you're considered an asset the Foundation isn't willing to lose. However, you will get the chance to work from a distance with anomalies and access some files on the Foundation database.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** I-I don't know what to say. Thank you!

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** I'm not the one you should be thanking. It was Researcher Palms who really pushed for this. And you can thank yourself too; you've worked really hard for this. We're all so proud of you.

> 

> *<The tape is silent for several seconds>*

> 

> **Researcher Cliff:** (*sniffling*) For the tape, we just hugged. Now that should be all.

> 

> *End Log*

@@ @@

Note: This interview concludes all regular progress reports with SCP-8982, following its completion of formal education.

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Addendum: SCP-8982 Vision Log</summary>

Below is a list of recorded visions experienced by SCP-8982. The list is not exhaustive.

**Date:** 29/4/1951

**Age:** 6

**Description:** The water is angry. It's crowding and screaming and yelling. It's coming down. It's coming for us.

**Related Event:** The following day, a large storm took place over the facility.

**Note:** This is the first vision experienced by SCP-8982 whilst in foundation custody.

**Date:** 25/10/1951

**Age:** 6

**Description:** There's a woman with no head. She's coming for me. She's going to get me. I don't like it. Get it away!

**Related Event:** Researcher Phyla arrived to the site's annual Halloween party dressed as a headless horseman. When SCP-8982 experienced a vision, she was sent to record it and frightened SCP-8982.

**Note:** The annual Halloween party is now cancelled. Costumes in our workplace are clearly inappropriate. You can thank yourselves. - Researcher Cliff

**Date:** 13/9/1953

**Age:** 8

**Description:** He's not who he says he is. He's dead. But he's not. He's here to hurt us. He's in plain sight. We have to find him.

**Related Event:** After a check through all staff on the site, Researcher O'Conner was discovered to be a member of Chaos Insurgency. After interrogation, Researcher O'Conner revealed himself to previously have been a foundation doctor, having gone missing and been presumed dead a number of years earlier.

**Note:** No notes.

**Date:** 6/5/1956

**Age:** 11

**Description:** They're giving me loads of sweets.

**Related Event:** Unknown.

**Note:** I think it was testing if it could force stuff to happen if it pretended it was a vision. Nice try. - Researcher Cliff

**Date:** 1/1/1959

**Age:** 14

**Description:** There's a red king. He's laughing. He's won. We are gone. I'm afraid.

**Related Event:** Unknown.

**Note:** After this vision, SCP-8982 requested access to a psychiatrist. This request was approved.

**Date:** 20/11/1964

**Age:** 19

**Description:** Boom.

**Related Event:** Site-███ activated its on-site nuclear warhead following a catastrophic containment breach.

**Note:** Frankly, I don't think this one was very helpful.

**Date:** 4/4/1967

**Age:** 22

**Description:** So many bees. They're flying out of the buildings! Where are they coming from?

**Related Event:** An anomalous swarm of bees manifested 2 weeks later in Manhattan, targeting citizens allergic to bees and resulting in approximately 121 casualties before being neutralized by MTF agents.

**Note:** No notes.

**Date:** 14/2/1973

**Age:** 28

**Description:** A gravestone. I can't go see it. I know its there but they won't let me see it. It's not fair... At least he's with his wife now.

**Related Event:** On the 6th of September 1973, Researcher Cliff passed away.

**Note:** Following the passing of Researcher Cliff, SCP-8982 refused to leave its quarters for a period of 2 weeks, continuing to fill in paperwork without leaving.

**Date:** 16/1/1975

**Age:** 30

**Description:** Is that Researcher Palms? What on Earth is that thing? Jesus, get it away from them! Turn around!

**Related Event:** Following this vision, Researcher Palms was provided a full security detail at all times. 2 months after the initial vision, a large creature made up of a material similar to that of birch bark appeared inside of Researcher Palms' home and attempted to attack them as they slept, before being neutralized by security. 3 more of these attacks have currently been recorded, exclusively happening to Researcher Palms. Further research ongoing.

**Note:** No notes.

**Date:** 1/11/1975

**Age:** 30

**Description:** Surprise!

**Related Event:** A surprise party was thrown for SCP-8982 on its birthday.

**Note:** No notes.

**Date:** 4/11/1977

**Age:** 32

**Description:** Please put the bottle down. Don't. Don't! Please don't! Oh god.

**Related Event:** Researcher Palms was found dead by suicide after overdosing on antidepressants. This followed their move into foundation containment.

**Note:** Due to SCP-8982's ineligibility for a promotion, a different staff member is to replace Researcher Palms' position.

**Date:** 1/10/1985

**Age:** 40

**Description:** There's a big yellow bird. It's shaking its head. Is that an explosion in the sky?

**Related Event:** In January 1986, the Challenger space shuttle disintegrated in space, resulting in the deaths of all 7 members of the crew on board.

**Note:** No notes.

**Date:** ██/██/1990

**Age:** 4█

**Description:** There's a guy yelling on a screen. He's saying "The full name of O5-1 is █████ █████. The full name of O5-2 is ████ ███████. I can keep going! Assholes!"

**Related Event:** ████████████████████████████████████████████████████

**Note:** SCP-8982 and all staff present were amnesticized following this vision by order of the O5 council.

**Date:** 15/8/1999

**Age:** 54

**Description:** Noodles. Pizza. Noodles. Pasta. Pasta. Mac and cheese. Pizza. (*SCP-8982 goes on like this for 12 minutes before stopping.*)

**Related Event:** SCP-8982 correctly predicted every meal Dr Dunwell had for dinner for the next 7 months following this vision.

**Notes:** No notes.

**Date:** 30/8/2008

**Age:** 63

**Description:** 2^(43,112,609) - 1.

**Related Event:** The new largest prime number was discovered to be 2^(43,112,609) - 1.

**Notes:** No notes.

**Date:** 9/12/2021

**Age:** 77

**Description:** It's going to escape. It's going to break through the west wall.

**Related Event:** Two weeks prior to this vision, a containment breach occurred in Site-91, resulting in a site lock-down. SCP-8982 was on site during this breach.

**Note:** Looking back, we believe this may be the first example of SCP-8982 predicting an event which has already happened.

**Date:** 14/2/2022

**Age:** 77

**Description:** There's a gravestone. It's not fair. They won't let me see it. At least he's with his wife now.

**Related Event:** On the 6th of September 1973, Researcher Cliff passed away.

**Note:** This is the first recorded instance of SCP-8982 repeating a vision. Variations of this vision have repeated a total of 18 times since the recorded date.

</details>

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Addendum: Health Concerns</summary>

**Update: 24/4/2023**

In logs beginning around 14/2/2022, SCP-8982's visions began to appear unreliable. SCP-8982 has approached researchers numerous times claiming to have had a vision of events which have already occurred, including those described in previous visions. Researchers began to theorize that SCP-8982 may be developing dementia. Following appropriate screenings, SCP-8982 was informed by an assigned researcher upon tests returning positive.

> **Interview Log**

> 

> **Date:** 14/4/2023

> 

> **Interviewer:** Researcher Jackson

> **Subject:** SCP-8982

> 

> **Subject Age:** 78

> ----

> *Begin Log*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Hello there, SCP-8982.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Sorry, do I know you? Could I speak with Dan please. He normally does these with me.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** I'm Researcher Jackson. I've worked with you briefly on some research projects in the past.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Sure. Now can I talk to Dan please.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** I'm not sure I've ever met a Dan here. Regardless, I'm afraid that won't be possible at this time.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Fine. Now what do you want. I've got work to do.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Well, this does actually pertain to your work. We believe your visions are becoming unreliable. You have begun predicting events which have already happened and repeating predictions. Would you agree with that assessment?

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Well, I'm getting a little old but I think I can tell when I'm having a vision. If I say it's real then it's real.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Unfortunately, we disagree. After multiple blood tests and brain scans, we believe you have begun to develop Alzheimer's disease. 

> 

> **SCP-8982:** What? Nonsense. Get Researcher Palms in here. She'll sort this out, she always does.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** SCP-8982, Researcher Palms is dead.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Excuse me? Are you serious? When?

> 

> *<SCP-8982 looks around the room and at the cameras, panicked.>*

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Palms passed over 40 years ago. And it seems you're further gone than we first thought.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** What? No, she can't be. (*with sudden energy and focus*) I'm not too far gone. I can still help. I can fix the visions. I'll stop forgetting. I swear.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** I'm sorry, SCP-8982. The decision was already made. This meeting was to inform you, not to negotiate.

> 

> **SCP-8982:** But I-

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** Effective immediately, you will no longer be involved in any forms of clerical work for the Foundation. Additionally, you will be required to make regular visits to the on-site nurse to check on your condition.

> 

> *<SCP-8982's eyes widen for a moment before returning to normal>*

> 

> **SCP-8982:** Don't reclassify me. I can still be useful. I'm still thaumiel. Please.

> 

> **Researcher Jackson:** We have no intentions to reclassify you. Now let's get you to the nurse's office, shall we?

> 

> *End Log*

</details>

@@ @@

**Update 21/5/2023:** Re-classification from Thaumiel to Safe pending approval.

<< [SCP-8981](SCP-8981) | SCP-8982 | [SCP-8983](SCP-8983) >>

> **Name:** Old Man.jpg

> **Author:** Anonymous User

> **License:** CC0 Public Domain

> **Source Link:** https://www.publicdomainpictures.net/pictures/180000/velka/homme-age-.jpg
