#extra-div-6 {

    position: fixed;

    top: 0; left: 0;

    width: 100%; height: 100%;

    -webkit-backdrop-filter: grayscale(100%);

    backdrop-filter: grayscale(100%);

    z-index: 11;

    pointer-events: none;

}

SCP-8062 -- I Still Believe, by 

---

Check out my [*https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/dr-bark-s-office Author Page!]

#### AUTOMATED RAISA NOTICE

Good afternoon {{jsanders}}. You are currently editing an offline draft of SCP-8062, and will not be able to upload the finished version to the Foundation database.

If you have ongoing problems connecting to the Foundation intranet, please contact your site director.

**Item #:** SCP-8062

**Object Class:** Keter (Provisional)

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8062 traffic is to be monitored by Researcher Sanders, with all instances of entrants documented. Due to lack of resources, formal containment of SCP-8062 is not possible as of writing. A containment plan will be implemented upon contact with a representative of the O5 Council.

**Description:** SCP-8062 is a cottage located on Canvey Island, Essex, UK. The address is listed as a small business that sells fabrics and sewing equipment. Its anomalous property manifests when a person enters the building; there have been no documented cases of a person leaving once they entered. Research to determine if it's a nexus or other such dimensional abnormality is ongoing.

**Addendum 8062-1:** Discovery

SCP-8062 was first noticed by Researcher Sanders on a walk when he was off-duty. Attempts to contact former Foundation staff have been unsuccessful, either rejecting attempts at contact or dismissing SCP-8062's anomalous properties entirely.

**Addendum 8062-2:** Notes of Researcher Sanders

> I knew it! It just couldn't be possible they were all gone! This is huge! Right now it's just me working on this, but when I'm able to get a team back together, we'll be able to bring everything back to the way it was!

>

> This may not be the most exciting anomaly to reform the Foundation, but it's proof of what I've been telling everyone! We have a purpose once more!

> I was starting to get worried, in all honesty. Over a year with no recorded anomalies? That's completely unprecedented! I suppose everyone just stopped looking after that day, but not me!

>

> I finally got my level three clearance just the week before, you know. I thought all my hard work would've been for nothing... But they're definitely going to give me an even bigger promotion when they finally read this! Director Sanders has a nice ring, don't you think?

> Right, minor snag; I saw someone leave this morning. The public records I can find say she's the owner though, and she only left for an hour or so to get some groceries. Clearly she's immune from her own anomaly, though! We could be dealing with a reality bender. Best see if any of the old mobile task force guys can apprehend her.

**Addendum 8062-3:** Interview

> **Interviewed:** Sue Williams, former local government liaison, Site-44.

> 

> **Interviewer:** Dr. John Sanders, Level 3 researcher, Site-44.

> 

> **Foreword:** Interview conducted without Williams' knowledge, recorded by microphone on Sanders' person.

> 

> **<Begin Log>**

> 

> **Williams:** It's nice to see you again, John.

> 

> **Dr. Sanders:** Yeah, been a while since I saw any of the old lot, after... Well, you know.

> 

> **Williams:** Yeah, yeah... How have you been since then, anyway? What are you up to these days?

> 

> **Dr. Sanders:** Uh, I'm sort of, uh, in between jobs at the moment, you know. I have a couple interviews lined up, but I've not really had time to commit to, uh, finding another job.

> 

> **Williams:** Really? You're one of the smartest lads I know. There's no way someone like Bupa isn't waiting to suck you up.

> 

> **Dr. Sanders:** No, no, I've had people trying to recruit me, I just have other, more important projects at the moment.

> 

> **Williams:** John, I really hope you're not talking about--

> 

> **Dr. Sanders:** --You don't understand! I've actually found something this time!

> 

> *Williams sighs.*

> 

> **Williams:** This isn't healthy, John. You're really holding yourself back.

> 

> *There is a brief pause as a server brings two pints of beer and a bowl of fries to the table. Extraneous conversation removed.*

> 

> **Dr. Sanders:** This place hasn't been the same since Heineken bought it. They don't even have the vegan menu anymore.

> 

> **Williams:** John, look, I know this is hard for you. You gave so much for the Foundation, and you would've definitely gone on to do great things within it. But those days are over, understand?

> 

> *Sanders is silent.*

> 

> **Williams:** The Foundation isn't all there is, you know? Even when we had the anomalous around, you were too blinkered by it to live properly.

> 

> **Dr. Sanders:** Normalcy isn't for people like us and you know it.

> 

> **Williams:** John, I'm a solicitor now. I have a kid. I was finally able to marry my fiancée. There's a nice little house in Wiltshire we're hoping to buy. Yeah the job meant I had to make a lot of sacrifices, but we pick ourselves up. We move on. We can finally get to enjoy the world we spent all this time protecting. What was the point of preserving that normalcy if we can't experience it now?

> 

> **Dr. Sanders:** I can't just... Not after all I've seen. Everything I *know* I haven't seen yet. Babies and houses and hour drives to Tescos? There's more to life than that.

> 

> **Williams:** There's love. Friendship. Good beer, though maybe not from this place. You spent so much time at the office you forgot what's important.

> 

> **Dr. Sanders:** Containment, that's important. Dying in the dark. You don't remember the oaths you made?

> 

> **Williams:** You need a new oath.

> 

> **<End Log>**

**Addendum 8062-4:** Further notes

> Still getting nowhere with my old co-workers. I decided to tell the cops about this. Not that I suspect it's anomalous of course, just that I suspect the woman who works there is kidnapping people. They said they'd look into it. Doubt they actually will.

> Saw a customer leave today.

> No no no no no! Hacked into the CCTV near the area, set up a live stream. People come and go, just like any other shop! How could I miss this? I was certain I never saw anyone leave before! Was I just not paying attention? Did I jump the gun! No! There has to be more to this!

> There has to!

> Spoke to the owner today. Her name is Gladys. Turns out the business just isn't that successful; kept afloat by a few loyal customers. Sometimes they hang out with her for hours whilst sewing crap. I must've missed them leaving.

> 10 years. A decade of my life I gave to the Foundation. 10 years of nights trapped in staff living quarters, pouring over bloodstained field docs, near misses with containment breaches. I had to give up all my friends, they couldn't know what I did, and wouldn't understand anyway. I even had to give up Harriet... She'd moved on to someone else by the time I found her.

> But it was all worth it, to see the world as it was. It was terrifying. It was beautiful. It was an opportunity. Knowing I had direct access to things most people can only dream of? The ear of some of the world's truly most powerful people?

> SCP-8062 was supposed to be my ticket back to that. To all those wonders. To the truth. I had so much unfinished work. And now you're telling me it was all... For what? Just for the world to go on as if we never existed? As if all I learned is now meaningless?

> This is embarrassing.

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

@@@@

#### DELETE DRAFT?

This action cannot be reversed when selected.

#### Delete / Cancel

<< [SCP-8061](SCP-8061) | SCP-8062 | [SCP-8063](SCP-8063) >>

> **Filename:** 1618 dutch cottage canvey island.jpg

> **Author:** Oneblackline

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:1618_dutch_cottage_canvey_island.jpg
