**Item #:** SCP-8202

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8202 must be contained in a hangar suitable for large aircraft (such as commercial airliners) in a discreet location where it cannot be perceived by non-Foundation personnel. No maintenance of SCP-8202 is necessary. There are several pending requests to have the object destroyed in order to reverse-engineer its components.

**Description:** SCP-8202 is an extraterrestrial spacecraft of unknown origin, measuring 70 meters in length, and having a wingspan of 55 meters (both pairs of wings). The anomaly has a neon-green canopy and a metallic, gray exterior, and lacks any exterior armaments. ~~Its purpose is unknown.~~

Inside SCP-8202, several highly-secured chambers have yet to be accessed. Entering these chambers is an ongoing process, since a consensus was reached to cause minimal damage to the object, and forcibly opening them would likely cause considerable structural damage to SCP-8202. 

Since its initial descent toward Earth was undetectedSCP-8202 bypassed all satellite networks and early-warning systems., Foundation researchers have speculated that the ship may be capable of teleportation or other theoretical means of instantaneous travel.

The crew of the spaceship, belonging to an uncatalogued species, has perished. They were humanoid, organic lifeforms with Reptilian characteristics. 

**Discovery:** On August 3, 2029 at 19:00 EST, NORADNorth American Aerospace Defense Command. detected an unidentified object over Lake Superior, moving at Mach 1.25 toward the vicinity of New York City. SCP-8202 continuously transmitted an encrypted message through multiple radio frequencies upon its detection, which has yet to be deciphered.

At approximately 19:12 EST, a squadron of F-35sA stealth combat aircraft. were scrambled to intercept the target along its flight path. At 19:15 EST, the F-35 jets launched a barrage of 25 air-to-air missilesThe first combat deployment of the experimental AIM-909 Siphon., which impacted SCP-8202 and caused it to crash land in Northern Michigan. One of the aircraft's four wings were blown off, but the fuselage suffered minimal damage.

Several minutes after the ship crashed, its hull was breached through a gap caused by the missile strikes, ~~where the spaceship's crew of 4 was found deceased~~. US military personnelElite paratroopers belonging to the US Army 77th Airmobile Infantry Brigade. conducted a thorough search of the spacecraft and seized its contents, which included crates constructed from a titanium alloy.

**Addendum 8202-A/Video Log:**

= **Hidden Bodycam Footage captured by Agent Howard Roberts**

---

**Context:** The following interaction took place between Agent Howard Roberts and Dale Walker, a SRPNTSecurity Relations Partnership against Nationwide Threats. A newly-formed agency that mediates interactions between US government entities and the Foundation. representative. 

**Date:** August 6, 2029

---

[START VIDEO]

**Agent Roberts:** We need those crates.

**Dale Walker:** It's impossible, agent. We already handed over the UNES to your people.

**Agent Roberts:** Excuse me, UNES? Is that another acronym?

**Dale Walker:** Unidentified Extraterrestrial Spaceship. Get with the program. 

**Agent Roberts:** Anyways, we need to know what was inside of that ship. Merely having the ship tells us little about its purpose.

**Dale Walker:** No need: its purpose was obvious. It violated our airspace and disregarded numerous warnings to land, therefore making it a hostile alien entity. That's all. 

**Agent Roberts:** That's a huge leap to assume it can understand human language. And we can't just assume it was "hostile."

**Dale Walker:** It was headed toward the most populous metropolitan area in our nation at high velocity. Don't be naive. 

**Agent Roberts:** Please. "High velocity." It was barely supersonic, and we have hypersonic aircraft. More importantly, did it cause any damage to any infrastructure or assets? Military or civilian. Did it engage anything whatsoever?

**Dale Walker:** That's irrelevant, but no. Nevertheless, its refusal to stand down justified its destruction. We won't compromise our national security to satisfy your hunger to collect alien pet projects.

**Agent Roberts:** We need to be more careful with these matters before we go to war with a technologically superior civilization. That's all I'm saying. Get it through your head. 

**Dale Walker:** DARPADefense Advanced Research Projects Agency. is in possession of several of the ship's components, including a fully-intact engine. We can reverse-engineer it, harness this technology, and fight back when they return, turning their own weapons against them. I have no doubt that's what your people are doing as well, so spare me the theatrics.

**Agent Roberts:** I'll ask you directly: what was inside of those crates?

**Dale Walker:** Beyond classified. Pending disclosure.

**Agent Roberts:** We have agreements in place, you know this. Not only are you obliged to tell us, ethically and legally, but the Foundation has the means to get whatever we want. Don't play this game.

**Dale Walker:** The Foundation doesn't exist on paper. I cannot disclose information to a non-existent entity, now can I? Besides, what will you do? Force us to tell you? 

**Agent Roberts:** You people are so short-sighted. To hell with it.

[END VIDEO]

---

**Addendum 8202-B/Video Log:**

= **Hidden Bodycam Footage captured by Agent Howard Roberts**

---

**Date:** August 9, 2029

---

[START VIDEO]

**Agent Roberts:** So?

**Dale Walker:** Exotic fruits and vegetables as well as dried meat belonging to an alien species.

**Agent Roberts:** What else?

**Dale Walker:** What appeared to be medical supplies. All the crates were full.

**Agent Roberts:** You idiots. What if the ship was on a diplomatic outreach mission? What if those were medics? That's why you don't just blow them out of the damn sky without an ounce of consideration!

**Dale Walker:** There is no indication that's true. At the same time, perhaps reconnaissance, or establishing a colony was their goal. Food supplies for the crew, that's all. 

**Agent Roberts:** Don't you take me for a fool. There were hundreds of those crates, which were unopened. That's way more food than a small crew would need.

**Dale Walker:** Use common sense, Howard. Travel between worlds would take an unfathomable amount of time. 

**Agent Roberts:** Listen to yourself. They made it all the way to our world without opening a single crate. It couldn't have been that long. Why aren't you even open to the possibility that this species isn't hellbent on exterminating us? What if this was their way of cross-cultural exchange? Us humans love exchanging food and technology, don't we?

**Dale Walker:** *(Long silence.)* Your people dissected the alien specimens. What did you discover?

**Agent Roberts:** I'll send you the full autopsy report... Their physiology isn't so different from ours, relatively speaking, including their metabolism. Wherever they came from, it isn't far from here. Or at least, it doesn't take long for them to reach Earth considering their stomachs were almost full. 

**Dale Walker:** Experimenting with these creatures has taken a toll on your mind. You're sounding like a sympathizer for the invaders. If the Foundation sides with these otherworldly savages when they arrive, the consequences will be dire for you. Remember that.

**Agent Roberts:** Oh, shut up. Don't even go there. *(Pauses.)* We discovered something else. You're not being honest with me, or you were deceived.

**Dale Walker:** I sense a rather sinister implication?

**Agent Roberts:** It's not in the file you'll receive. But, our extraterrestrial visitors didn't die from head trauma like the initial report stated; the aliens likely survived the impact. 

**Dale Walker:** And?

**Agent Roberts:** Ten gunshot wounds matching 5.56 NATOA common firearm cartridge used by many nations worldwide, including the US.. The bullets were extracted and there was a sloppy attempt to make it seem like shrapnel. Judging by the trajectory of the entry wounds and blood samples inside the ship, the crew was shot as they crawled toward the soldiers, completely unarmed. No attempt was made to even rescue them or give them a chance to be interrogated. Mr. Walker, they were murdered in cold blood.

**Dale Walker:** I see...

**Agent Roberts:** I hope so.

[END VIDEO]

---

**Addendum 8202-C/Video Log:**

= **Hidden Bodycam Footage captured by Agent Howard Roberts**

---

**Date:** August 11, 2029

---

[START VIDEO]

**Agent Roberts:** We breached one of the ship's chambers. It took our network of supercomputers 72 hours to crack the combination, only to discover that it was unique to a single door.

**Dale Walker:** Don't keep me in suspense.

**Agent Roberts:** We discovered... what appear to be torture devices, along with some melee weapons and magnetic restraints.

**Dale Walker:** Ah, no surprise there. And who do you think those devices were intended for?

**Agent Roberts:** They ranged from very sophisticated to anachronistic wooden contraptions. It's senseless to speculate. Perhaps they wanted to torture humans, but it could also be a museum display of sorts. Maybe in the past, they were a violent and barbaric society and wanted to warn humans against following that path? There are millions of possibilities.

**Dale Walker:** You can't be that naive, agent.

**Agent Roberts:** Whatever. So, how did negotiations go?

**Dale Walker:** The Foundation will allow the US military to conduct some tests with the mysterious cylinders so long as DARPA is totally transparent with its findings regarding the other components. Regarding the engine, it was transferred to an undisclosed site near Nevada.

[END VIDEO]

---

**Addendum 8202-D/Test Log:**

= **Test Log: SCP-8202**

---

**Context:** Three cylindrical devices were retrieved from SCP-8202, which were transferred to a nuclear testing site in the Southwestern United States. Each machine was connected to a node that fed it with a high voltage electrical current. The following log records the results of the experiment, which was meant to determine the objects' function and destructive capability.

---

**Cylinder A**

**Result:** After the node was triggered, the cylinder glowed brightly, reaching a temperature of 750,000 Celsius before disintegrating. The entire process occurred in 37 milliseconds. 

---

**Cylinder B**

**Result:** The cylinder briefly illuminated before shooting out sparks and deactivating. Attempts to reactivate it were unsuccessful.

---

**Cylinder C**

**Result:** The cylinder immediately triggered an explosion. A bluish sphere of undetermined energy rapidly expanded from the origin point at a rate of 3 kilometers per second, vaporizing everything in its path for 0.5 seconds. However, no harmful fumes or radiation were produced by the event. 5 people died, including a Foundation field agent.

---

**Addendum 8202-E/Video log:**

= **Hidden Bodycam Footage captured by Agent Howard Roberts**

---

**Date:** August 19, 2029

---

[START VIDEO]

**Dale Walker:** Looks like your alien buddies weren't so friendly after all.

**Agent Roberts:** Just because someone has weapons, doesn't mean they intend to use it in an offensive capacity. Self-defense is a thing, you know.

**Dale Walker:** It was headed directly toward a major population center. What a coincidence. If those bombs went off in downtown Manhattan, it could've killed millions.

**Agent Roberts:** If this species had the capability to travel across the stars, wouldn't they have invented missiles or another delivery system? If they wanted to, they'd already have destroyed those F-35s let alone New York.

**Dale Walker:** What if it was a strategic bomber of sorts? Perhaps the alien scum underestimated us.

**Agent Roberts:** It wasn't. 

**Dale Walker:** How can you be so sure?

**Agent Roberts:** The Foundation breached the final chambers. It was determined that they were prison cells. Furthermore, our engineers concluded that the ship was not designed to deploy any military payload. We managed to power up the ship's control console and our language AI network decoded their language. The ship has a database of intergalactic criminals and the procedures for capturing or terminating them. There are millions of entries, including some linked to our planet.

**Dale Walker:** What...?

**Agent Roberts:** At worst, if this species has a warmongering military doctrine, what we did constituted a completely preventable act of war. But regardless of the consequences, in all likelihood, we destroyed a prison ship. 

**Dale Walker:** See you next time. *(Switches off microphone and enters a moment of contemplation.)* This isn't on record, but I agree with you. We're handling the situation atrociously. Beyond atrociously. I need your help to avert a crisis that would mark the darkest chapter in human history. Let's meet again, please.

[END VIDEO]

---

**Addendum 8202-F/Video log:**

= **Unofficial Bodycam Footage captured by Agent Howard Roberts**

---

**Date:** Unknown

---

[START VIDEO]

*(The two men meet in the middle of a dark, underground tunnel, with each scanning their surroundings as they approach.)*

**Agent Roberts:** What the fuck is happening? This is getting way out of hand.

**Dale Walker:** Don't be so loud.

**Agent Roberts:** The CIA detained about forty of our agents and researchers. Two facilities in the Midwest were surrounded by a task force of National Guard and US Army soldiers. Were you aware of this?

**Dale Walker:** Yes. Detained, nothing more. The distrust is mutual. No one was killed at least, and we both know your people will be quickly returned.

**Agent Roberts:** The Foundation has legal guarantees from every major institution in the US government and is supposed to operate unimpeded. These are rogue elements completely overstepping their authority. Where's the chain of command?

**Dale Walker:** *(Leans in to whisper.)* SRPNT. They want to supplant you. Furthermore, they've been discreetly spreading fraudulent reports insinuating some of your personnel are collaborating with hostile alien species under the guise of research. They claim you're contacting the enemy in secret, that's why you won't disclose your operations.

**Agent Roberts:** That's ridiculous.

**Dale Walker:** Obviously. I hate to admit it, but you were right. 

**Agent Roberts:** The signal?

**Dale Walker:** Yes, we decoded it. However, SRPNT's High Command wiped all digital traces of the alien transmission. This paper is the only existing copy. *(He hands a sheet to Roberts.)*

**Agent Roberts:** *(Reading silently.)* Damn it. We suspected this all along... But those bastards couldn't help themselves, could they?

**Dale Walker:** I know, I know. Unfortunately, it gets worse. 

**Agent Roberts:** How could it possibly get worse?

**Dale Walker:** Did you bring the photos we discussed?

**Agent Roberts:** Yes, these are the off-world fugitives corresponding to Earth. *(Hands Walker a large file.)*

**Dale Walker:** There are hundreds of them... *(Perusing through the papers.)*

**Agent Roberts:** Damn right. Hiding somewhere here.

**Dale Walker:** I know where. Look. *(Gives Roberts a collection of small photos.)*

**Agent Roberts:** How the hell did you get your hands on this? Have you been spying on us?

**Dale Walker:** Yes, but that's now how I acquired these photos. Ah, here it is. *(Shows Roberts one of the pages from the file.)* Look familiar? Compare it to the photo in your hand.

**Agent Roberts:** Yeah, it's a perfect match to Subject 56773... So?

**Dale Walker:** If I ever return to SRPNT, I'll be detained without question and convicted of treason for showing you this. I'm requesting that the Foundation can grant me protection.

**Agent Roberts:** Not a guarantee, but I'll see what I can do.

**Dale Walker:** Very well. Those photos were captured from CCTV cameras within SRPNT's headquarters. There have been several incidents like this, but no one knows outside of the organization. That photo you're holding: that's the head of SRPNT. He's using a device coated in an adaptive nanomaterial to transform his appearance, making him seem human. 

**Agent Roberts:** SRPNT is headed by a fucking space fugitive? That explains everything... The entire bureaucracy must be infested with them.

**Dale Walker:** Precisely. That's what I suspect. It's been compromised from within.

**Agent Roberts:** We have a lot of work to do... First, let's get out of here. Follow me.

[END VIDEO]

---

**Addendum 8202-G/Initial Signal Translation:**

> “We come (in peace), with no desire for warfare. But we shall return what we receive. We (have lowered) our [forcefield] and other defensive countermeasures (so that we may be easily detected). We request a collaboration with the forces of Earth to locate dangerous fugitives that are [hiding on your world]. They pose a considerable risk to your kind, and our officers in this galactic sector are spread thinly. A surgical extraction is preferable to the more destructive methods our species could utilize. These criminals do not need to be captured alive (if retrieval proves too difficult). We shall await a response from your leaders.”

<< [SCP-8201](SCP-8201) | SCP-8202 | [SCP-8203](SCP-8203) >>
