**Item #:** SCP-8553

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8553 is held in a 5x5x5m containment cell outfitted with a crib, bathroom, and changing station. When SCP-8553 is not asleep or undergoing testing, SCP-8553 is to be placed in its playpen area with a variety of toys. One member of staff must be monitoring the live feed at all times.

During feeding and changing times, SCP-8553 must be fitted with a mask by a drone before staff may enter. SCP-8553 may keep any instances of SCP-8553-1 that are created as a result of testing.

**Description:**  SCP-8553 is an infant German girl between ██ and ██ months old. Any living creature that enters SCP-8553's line of sight will be instantly transmuted into a toy, designated SCP-8553-1.

SCP-8553-1 instances vary in complexity, from simple wooden blocks and balls to remote control cars and battery-powered action figures. ~~Instances appear to possess anomalous properties that allow them to operate on their own power.~~

**Discovery:** SCP-8553 was first noticed by the Foundation on 25/07/2008 in the town of █████, ██████████, after members of local law enforcement had vanished while looking into missing persons reports. Embedded Foundation agents Becker and Dalman were tasked with investigating the disappearances, but vanished as well.

MTF Epsilon-6 (“Village Idiots”) managed to trace the disappearances to a local house and successfully contain SCP-8553, albeit with significant casualties due to its anomalous effects. At the time of its discovery SCP-8553 was the sole inhabitant of the houseSCP-8553 did not display any symptoms of malnutrition., along with approximately 80 SCP-8553-1 instances.

SCP-8553 (nicknamed "Mäuschen" by maintenance staff) has been noted as unusually cheerful for an infant, having never been observed to cry or otherwise display negative emotions. While SCP-8553 is capable of limited speech (able to say words like "toy", "dada", and "doggie"), efforts to question it on its origins have been inconclusive.

**Test Logs:**

**Test Subject:** One (1) *Mus musculus* (house mouse)

**Output:** A spinning top covered in images of mice. When spun, the top remained upright indefinitely. Testing was concluded after two hours and three minutes, as to not disrupt SCP-8553's nap schedule.

**Test Subject:** One (1) *Canis lupus familiaris* (domestic dog)

**Output:** An electric RC car toy. Despite lacking a controller or battery, the instance erratically drove around the containment cell for 23 minutes before driving into a corner and overturning.

**Test Subject:** One (1) *Balaenoptera musculus* (blue whale)

**Output:** Several thousand blue balloons, twisted into various shapes of marine life. Instances appeared to attempt to return to the observation tank's waters, but were stymied by their own buoyancy. Dissection of several instances revealed each contained 100% pure helium.Attempts to produce other rare materials through SCP-8553 are undergoing discussion.

**Test Subject:** SCP-682Requested following the success of the previous test.

**Output:** *We have no control over SCP-8553's abilities. While you might think a toy 682 would be harmless, I'll remind you that several children's toys use minuscule amounts of explosive powder or radioactive material. What do you propose to do if it turns into 2 tons of uranium? Denied. -Site Director Lycus*

**Test Subject:** D-2342

**Output:** A *Talking Ken® Doll*, produced by the Mattel corporation. Instead of the typical dialogue for the doll recorded by Mattel, SCP-8553-2342 emitted screams every time the button was pressed.

**Note:** SCP-8553 appeared especially delighted by the instance, and has been witnessed playing with it on multiple occasions after testing.

**Addendum 29/06/2009:** In light of recent testing, all SCP-8553-1 instances resembling humanoid figures are to be destroyed immediately by order of the Ethics Committee. Further testing of SCP-8553 requires Level 4 approval.

<< [SCP-8552](SCP-8552) | SCP-8553 | [SCP-8554](SCP-8554) >>
