=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8834

**Object Class:** Cogito

**Special Containment Procedures:** Knowledge of SCP-8834, including this file, is reserved for the United States Joint Chiefs of Staff. The Threat Screening Center is to maintain a classified watchlist of competent sculptors.

**Description:** SCP-8834 is a three-word Latin phrase capable of inducing remote hypnotism. Its behavioral vector is deployed when spoken at a marble bust depicting a living person, the target. The bust must have been sculpted by the speaker.

= **The Phrase**

---

= *Te odi. Moriamus.*

Once spoken, the SCP-8834 target is afflicted by an irreconcilable ego-state of antipathy toward the speaker. Whether the target knows the speaker or not is the differentiating condition between a Domestic and a Foreign Scenario. 

**Domestic Scenario:** Triggered when the target knows the speaker. Recorded target actions include:

* Insulting the speaker's appearance, character, or relationships.

* Glowering with intention to intimidate.

* Positioning themself to hinder the speaker's goals.

* Informing the speaker of local mutual combat laws.

Following activation, targets' actions warrant detainment.

**Foreign Scenario:** Triggered when the target does not know the speaker. The target will instead act adversely towards:

* Persons matching the speaker's ethnicity, gender, nationality, or ideological standing.

* Institutions associated with the speaker's occupation.

* Institutions associated with the speaker's nation.

Results of activation are unpredictable and extreme, often requiring a counterterrorist response.

<< [SCP-8833](SCP-8833) | [Series 0](Series 0) | [SCP-8835](SCP-8835) >>

> **Filename:** Barcelona%29_Bust_of_Woman_by_Enric_Cassanovas_in_MNAC.jpg

> **Author:** Didier Descouens

> **License:** CC BY SA 4.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:%28Barcelona%29_Bust_of_Woman_by_Enric_Cassanovas_in_MNAC.jpg
