@@@@

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8859-A is stored in a human-shaped body bag placed inside a glass enclosure measuring 2m × 1.5m × 1.5m (meter), which has been modified so that the two side panels can be opened up to 1m, it is also features few perimeter opening connected to a pump valve as needed and equipped with wheels for mobility when necessary. At least two pump valves connected to the glass tank are used to filter air through filters system located outside the laboratory. Periodically, SCP-8859-A is opened to inspect the extent of damage and cleaning.

SCP-8859-A is housed within a Level 4 Biosafety Laboratory (BLS-Lv4) with an area of 10m2 (square metre). The surrounding walls are reinforced with 50cm (centimeter), thick solid lead plates connected to radiation leak sensors. The ceiling features a 2m2 opening with a glass shield to allow SCP-8859 escapes. In the event of abnormal SCP-8859 activity, the entire area will be sealed off. Personnel are briefed prior to entering the area and emergency exits leading to a safe zone are designated within the containment area.

Since SCP-8859-A is the only specimen and high vulnerable, access is restricted to personnel with Level 4 Clearance or higher. For experiments, the specimen will be provide to the requesting unit or directly use at the containment laboratory.

**Description:** SCP-X is an anomaly present on the mummy of a male (*hereinafter referred to as SCP-8859-A*).

Externally, SCP-8859-A is in excellent mummification condition with a damage rate of less than 2.1%. The subject shows no signs of violent death, external or internal injuries. Numerous linear burn marks from frostbite are present on the back, calves, and elbows. Several scars and incisions penetrating the skin on the neck, cheekbones, and the right elbow indicate that SCP-X has undergone multiple medical procedures. The purpose of the incision on the right top side of the head remains unclear. Magnetic Resonance Imaging (MRI) reveals that the subject was involved in a severe accident resulting in fractures in the calf, left thigh, as well as multiple joint fractures in both hands.

SCP-X is an emission radiation from the head of SCP-8859-A, associated with symptoms of dementia characteristic of Alzheimer’s disease, but differing aspects as analyzed below:

**a)** Overall, the brain of SCP-8859-A is losing biomass through intracellular degradation. The cerebral cortex is losing biomass faster than other parts of the brain. The brain maintains its structure to a relatively stable degree.

Instead of kinase enzymes transferring phosphate groups to cleave tau protein along intracellular microtubules in the brain, they link together to form a chain of kinase-phosphate-tau protein. Under osmotic pressure, this chain is continuously stretched and compressed, when it reaches a certain point, the chain violently jerks off the microtubules, causing them to break into segments. This also occurs with already broken segments if the kinase reaction continues. 

The fragments begin to degrade after 8 hours (8h), causing intracellular structures to absorb additional metabolic energy as part of a nuclear reaction. Cell degradation can spread to healthy cells but does not cross-infect. This occurs even when the subject is inactive. This process is commonly referred to as “Alzheimer’s Radiation.”

After a short period of time, the intracellular structures disappear, leaving behind an empty, nucleolus-free, with an intact cell membrane which helps preserve the brain’s structural integrity.

**b)** The head of SCP-8859-A emits an extremely high level of radiation ranging from 352 to 501 CPM The unit CPM is counts per minute base on a standard handheld Geiger counter. However, the radiation is not hazardous even at levels above 150 CPM, as it exhibits inert properties similar to noble gases. High-energy radiation penetrates the meninges and skull and escapes through the hair follicles. Low-energy radiation is blocked by the cranium, causing it to appear abnormally bright during imaging.

When leaving SCP-8859-A, SCP-8859 becomes a vector with a direction that is not subject to any force When observed or tested under the influence of gravity, magnetic forces, or surfaces that generate repulsive forces, no reaction has been recorded. , as it travels, it shifts by an angle of 12 degrees every 24 hours toward a star located 56 light-years from Earth in the Constellation of Andromeda. The cause of this phenomenon is currently unknown.

**c)** SCP-8859-A did not exhibit cognitive decline during the course of the disease; however, at the age of 42, the progression of the disease was inversely proportional to the duration of the illness. Under standard conditions, the subject reached a level of cognitive decline approaching Stage 5 within the first six months of the disease.

**Appendix 8859-01:** History

SCP-8859-A was discovered at a hospital in the United Kingdom and was preserved as a specimen for Alzheimer’s disease research in 1996, following the research was still in the early stages. In next few years, the subject received little attention.

Beginning of 2010, SCP-8859-A was brought back into research. Foundation took notice upon observing published studies with unusual titles referring to a radioactive brain. To the present day, the Foundation continues to suppress information and collect related data.

**Appendix 8859-02:** When SCP-8859-A was discovered, it also contained a notebook measuring 11cm × 15cm or a standard A6-sized notebook.

<details>
<summary>Contents</summary>

@@@@

***Summary:** The notebook records a conversation between SCP-8859-A and POI-8859 during late 90s. POI-8859 has been identified as SCP-8859-A’s lover and possibly the cause of SCP-8859.*

---

= **CONTENTS**

---

**Page 01:**

> What we bet on the night before.

**Page 06:** 05/1988

> Hey! Im at new lab. Pretty nice. You should come here.

> @@@@

> How so ?

> @@@@

> Food nice. Sky nice. Lab nice. Colleague half nice. Weather not nice. Everything nice nice in a way. Lab has lots new equipment too.

> @@@@

> Sound nice overall. How is the work go ? 

> @@@@

> Slow and steady. We found a few thing but now is summer time, day bright longer, hard for observer. Are you winning yet ? Give up already.

**Note:** SCP-8859-A has been an astrophysicist at an university in England since 1985. By 1988, the subject switched to the field of astronomical motion observation. Most of the records were lost during the university’s transition in 1990 to a new paradigm. Foundation is currently working to locate and recover.

---

**Page 17:** 12/1989

> The weather is not just bad its so bad, bad, bad. Ive been in rental for a month now.

> @@@@

> How so ?

> @@@@

> Lab cant handle big data so we need huge calculator, so I have to use one far up north. Long travel. I might catch a cold. It s so freezing here.

> @@@@

> Stay warm and wear warm, ok. Home is quite cozy. You can give up and concede to me anytime. ok ?

> @@@@

> *Inappropriate language.

> @@@@

> Wow. No need to be so harsh. Don't give up. Nobody win yet. But try better.

> @@@@

> *Inappropriate language. Stop play around.

> ...... I gave up last Thursday. I have been coughing for nonstop.

> @@@@

> Go for good rest. Get well soon, okay ? Love, my opponent.

**Note:** SCP-8859-A and POI-8859 are making a bet that later becomes known: SCP-8859-A wants to become an astronaut but due to the limitations of time, this is changed, while POI-8859 will obtain a judge’s certification in Greece.

The subject was observed visiting a hospital near the university, but there were no signs of SCP-8859. 

---

**Page 39:** 07/1991

> Hey hey hey! We found a star.

> 

> Exciting. Tell me?

**Note:** Most observations targeted an area approximately 10–20 units (unknown unit) from the Center of the Andromeda Galaxy, at an angle of 9-18 degrees from the horizontal plane with Andromeda as the reference.

---

**Page 41:** 03/1994

> I wanna know. Do you think there are any aliens on it ? Look like us ?

> 

> Yes. Maybe they are looking at us too.

> 

> No. I mean like you and me, like “us” ?

> @@@@

> Yes. They are like us. I would not be surprising. I’ll be so jealous if saw one in love.

> @@@@

> ..... Do you think they “love” like we do ?

**Page 45:** 04/1994

> Yes. sure. definitely. cause i love you and so are they. Maybe, they are searching for other half somewhere out there in the universe or right here. Who knows. 

> @@@@

> Im far from here. You are only "alien" i met. Then im here. I dont wanna go home. I love you. Don’t forget our bet.

**Page 46:** 06/1994

> ...... I know .......... I love you too ...

> But i still thinking ...

> @@@@

> Yeah ?

> @@@@

> Can we turn back to first bet. i wanna know what out there. But still afraid ?

> @@@@

> Sure no problem. we can make little rocket scient here or even build a rocket in ms. Ruthdy backyard, you know. I like how she looks at us fly to the sky and ruin her favor paper flowers.

> I love you with all your absurd dreams you have.

**Note:** The bet concluded when the note was sent for the last time. Since there were no witnesses and acknowledged the results, Foundation will act as the ref. POI-8859 won in October, 1994 while SCP-8859-A finished his research two months later. This applies to the first bet as well, SCP-8859-A still lost.

---

**Last page:**

> No need to push yourself too hard. Im alwasy support you. Write me when dream come true. Love you.

**Note:** Foundation designated SCP-8859-A’s lover as POI-8859 due to signs of anomaly creation. Following SCP-8859-A’s departure to the university in 1995, POI-8859 disappeared without a trace after serving as a judge for the local court for 11 months. Around the same time, SCP-8859-A exhibited SCP-8859 and was accident by bad snowstorm in February, 1996. Foundation speculates that POI-8859 is an alien who arrived on Earth around 1974 and influenced SCP-8859-A’s transformation as part of an experiment. Foundation is currently investigating all possibilities regarding POI-8859’s escape from Earth.

</details>

**Appendix 8859-03:** To date, SCP-8859 has not shown any signs of spreading. However, Foundation is aware this as a high-risk containment and has implemented temporary measures. A definitive treatment may require POI-8859. Therefore, this POI has been designated as a potential entity, few plans are in place to monitor and apprehend the subject in the event it returns to Earth.

---

<< [SCP-8858](SCP-8858) | SCP-8859 | [SCP-8860](SCP-8860) >>
