**Item #:** SCP-8539

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** A containment unit has been constructed to hold SCP-8539. To prevent further expansion, the interior must be kept below -15°C and light levels should remain lower than 0.0001 lux at all times. Any samples should be sealed in an aluminum or steel gas cylinder and stored at a temperature of less than 5°. 

**Description:** SCP-8539 is a semi-autonomous concentration of anomalous gas particles that is invisible to the naked eye and can cause confusion, euphoria, and fatigue. Under sunlight it is more active and potent, and at lower light levels and temperatures it enters a quasi-brumative state. It was discovered through atmospheric readings of a reportedly anomalous area in Southern Wales. The molecular makeup of SCP-8539 cannot be determined at present. Locals have reported immense fatigue and shown signs of amnesia. Some described an intense longing for the outdoors that they could not explain. Investigation teams have found both dead and unconscious wildlife in the area. Seeming to prey on body heat, it is self-generating and expands more rapidly with light and heat. Extraction efforts of SCP-8539 proved successful; it is currently contained at Site-12.

SCP-8539 is drawn to body heat and its effects are more intense in bright light. In live testing, (conducted with mice) subjects that inhaled the gas exhibited symptoms of drowsiness and mild fatigue after minutes of exposure, followed by slowed heartrate, heighted dopamine levels, and impaired movement. After approximately 15 minutes, subjects would begin to fall unconscious. At 20 minutes, heart rates had dropped significantly so testing was terminated. 

Three of the five subjects did not regain consciousness for at least two weeks and another subject's heart had stopped after just two hours and 20 minutes. The final subject has been in a comatose state for six weeks and shows no signs of recovery. The three that did regain consciousness have not yet fully recovered, being confused and paranoid, presumably due to memory loss. 

More recent testing in short increments has revealed that the gas is addicting; subjects experienced withdrawal symptoms such as agitation and mild aggression, along with insomnia and fatigue. Each subsequent instance of exposure to the gas excites them greatly before the full effects of the gas take hold.

SCP-8539 continues to show signs of lesser intelligence by actively seeking out heat and motion,  and being able to distinguish between a living creature and an inanimate source of heat.
