=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8163

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8163 is being held in ~~a minimal-risk~~ high-risk section of Site-77's Containment Wing pending further examination. 

**Description:** SCP-8163 is a sphere of rock crystal, 20 cm in diameter. The anomaly exhibits no unusual physical characteristics other than a 5 cm deep crack at its surface (See **Discovery**).

While not entirely known or understood in nature and mechanism, SCP-8163 exhibits the anomalous property of displaying ~~random~~ images in the minds of individuals.

**Discovery:** SCP-8163 was collected on 03/16/1998 in Rome during a mission to investigate and recover possible anomalous objects and documents from the home of Madame Lucia (PoI-2334)Stage name of Lucia Mancini (1917-1998), a local clairvoyant with minor psychic abilities. following her death from natural causes. Given the subtle difference in content between the predictions of PoI-2334's and any non-anomalous fortune teller, it had previously been decided to keep her under monitoring without directly intervening: her death, however, provided the opportunity to recover any possible element worthy of investigation and containment.

During this recovery mission, agents assumed the guise of a local furniture disposal. While handled by Agent Lelli, SCP-8163 fell to the floor of the room in which it was located, cracking its surface and generating a small shockwave from it, before transmitting images into the minds of nearby agents. In addition, all present reported minor and vague secondary effects. 

<details>
<summary>+ Summary of the effects on the Recovery Team</summary>

**Name**

**Reported vision**

**Other effects**

@@@@Agent Lelli

A black hole in a lawn

Sense of uneasiness

@@Agent Sora@@

A bar of soap

Slight confusion

@@Agent Fabbrizi@@

A teaspoon with honey

Slight dizziness

@@Agent Sordi@@

A soccer ball

Slight dizziness

@@@@Agent Alberti@@@@

A cow

Sense of uneasiness

</details>

**Addendum - 8163 - 1:** On the morning of 03/18/1998, Agent Sora was found deceased in the communal bathroom of the Site-77 dormitory. According to the investigation, the agent had slipped on the edge of the shower, suffering a head injury and a consequent fatal epidural hematoma following the fall. In light of the nature of the death, it was classified as an accident.

**Addendum - 8163 - 2:** The following day, Agent Fabbrizi, during a routine plainclothes inspection operation in the Villa Doria Pamphilj park in Rome, was stung by a specimen of *Apis mellifera* The common honeybee., immediately going into acute anaphylactic shock and suffering from a laryngeal edema, leading to suffocation. Although the agent was never diagnosed with an allergy, this case was also reported as an accident.

**Addendum - 8163 - 3:** On the morning of 03/20/1998, agents Sordi and Alberti went to the previous home of PoI-2334 without a formal authorization, and had a fatal car accident on the way. According to testimonies collected by the police, the car swerved to avoid a child who had rushed into the street while chasing after a soccer ball. This maneuver caused the agents to crash into another car crossing the intersection from the opposite lane.  According to the report, at that point of the road there was a small square where a local young team, "I Tori"  *The Bulls* in italian., was training.

**Addendum - 8163 - 4:** On 03/21/1998, before he could be contacted, agent Lelli left Site-77 in what has been described by his coworkers as "a state of insane fear". An order has been issued for the recovery of the agent in order to ascertain and understand the connection between this series of deaths and SCP-8163.

**Addendum - 8163 - 5:** As of the last update to the file, on 04/15/2001, the fate of Agent Lelli is still unknown. Further studies on the anomaly will be conducted.

<< [SCP-8162](SCP-8162) | SCP-8163| [SCP-8164](SCP-8164) >>
