**Item #:** SCP-8244

**Object Class:** Safe

**Secure Containment Procedures:** SCP-8244 instances currently under Foundation control are to be stored individually in standard Secured Hazardous Items safes.

The "amnesiac" experimental retroactive memory treatment has proven to be an effective countermeasure to the effects of SCP-8244, and is preauthorized for exposed Foundation agents.

A task force of field agents has been convened for the purpose of locating and securing additional instances of SCP-8244, as well as identifying anyone attempting to produce additional instances. Refer to OD-8244-A for specific assignment duties, operational details, and liaison contact information.

Use of SCP-8244 to assist in containment is ~~under consideration~~ ~~a subject of current research~~ strictly prohibited.

Testing is currently prohibited.

**Description:** SCP-8244 are a collection of unbranded toy badges. The appearance and iconography of these badges vary considerably; each is made of molded plastic except for a metal safety pin, and each is embossed with the words AUTHORIZED DEPUTY and a ~~two-digit~~ number unique to each badge. Instances SCP-8244-02, -06 through -59, and -3013 are currently in Foundation custody.

Anyone who visibly displays an instance of SCP-8244 to observers will be perceived as, and believed to be, a legitimate and authorized field representative of one or more nonexistent agencies. Documented agency examples range from mundane ("Fish County Pest Control") to implausible ("Perfect Toenail Preservation Taskforce") to nonsensical ("Intractably Melophobic Affine Blood Archivists"). The agency is consistent between different viewers of the same wearer, but changes each time the badge is removed. Exact conditions for this reset are ~~a subject of current research~~ summarized in supplementary document 8244-B.

Although individuals affected by SCP-8244 are not irresistibly compelled to assist its wearer, they are anomalously likely to feel inclined to provide assistance, and to believe relatively implausible claims regarding jurisdiction, authorization, urgency, etc. This persuasive effect is strengthened and reinforced by any attempts the wearer makes, however tenuous, to link their instructions or requests to the presumptive purpose of the agency to which they purportedly belong.

Details regarding the discovery of SCP-8244, and the recovery of instances currently under containment, are restricted to Level 4 personnel.

<< [SCP-8243](SCP-8243) | SCP-8244 | [SCP-8245](SCP-8245) >>
