**Item #:** SCP-8449

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The central anomaly within SCP-8449 is to be kept contained by the boundaries of Provisional Site-49, which has been established in and surrounding the location formerly known as the Clean Circle Washers laundromat facility in Pyewacket, Manitoba, under the guise of a year-round fumigation effort of the original business, followed by permanent condemnation of the storefront and surrounding buildings comprising the Pyewacket Central Plaza strip mall. To the outside eye, the businesses in the associated strip mall have been shuttered, condemned, and declared permanently unfit for human occupation, including SCP-8449 and its related instances.

All access by the public is forbidden and prevented by two sets of chain link fences and an ongoing patrol by the members of MTF Beta-12-A ("Mazewalkers"), posing as agents of a local security company called the Security Corporation of Pyewacket, established as a Foundation front in August of 19██. The interior sections of SCP-8449, as well as the dimensions created by instances of SCP-8449's central anomaly, are to be patrolled regularly by the members of MTF Beta-12-B ("Mazemongers"), also posing as agents of the Security Corporation of Pyewacket.

**Addendum:** As of the events logged in Addendum 8449-IL-2, all washing machines are to be kept surrounded by lead shielding unless immediate exploration, research, or testing is being carried out. All researchers working at Provisional Site-49 are to be prepared for immediate evacuation to prevent potential harm in the case of further such events from any of the instances of SCP-8449 or their associated washing machines on the premises.

**Description:** SCP-8449 is a laundromat and associated set of washing machines on the premises, located in the town of Pyewacket, Manitoba. The laundromat formerly operated as the Clean Circle Washers before it became home to a number of anomalous washing machines — heretofore dubbed from SCP-8449-1 to SCP-8449-40 — and subsequently came into the possession of the SCP Foundation itself in February of 20██.

Before entering into Foundation possession, the premises of the Clean Circle Washers facility was one of several storefronts in the Pyewacket Central Plaza, a strip mall which has since been completely shuttered as per the containment of SCP-8449 and its constituent anomalous instances, the washing machines themselves.

The known anomalous effects of SCP-8449's instances appear to be exclusively contained within each individual instance; removing the affected machine from the premises of SCP-8449 does not dissuade or neutralize its anomalous effects, at least at first. However, the effects have been shown to diminish almost entirely at a distance of greater than 1.5 kilometres from the premises of SCP-8449, rendering the research of that machine's effects almost completely unlikely unless it's kept on the premises of SCP-8449 at all times.

The structure and surrounding environment of the Clean Circle Washers facility itself are not known to display anomalous properties, and functionally appear as a non-anomalous, functional structure and surrounding environment. Research from the on-site division of the Department of Paracosmology — known as Research Group Delta-5 ("The Dry Dreamers") — has discovered almost zero potential for paracosmological metaconstruction, as well as a baseline-reality Hume level of 23 Humes, and the on-site researchers' investigation into the connection between vicinity to the premises itself and the strength of the anomalous effects of instances of SCP-8449 has not yet delivered relevant data to be included here.

When an instance within SCP-8449 becomes active, the affected anomalous machine will begin functioning as the entryway to a unique, self-sustained parallel dimension — each of which has been shown to have been created at the time the instance's anomaly becomes active, and are erased from known existence at such a time as the anomaly becomes inactive again. Each dimension exists from anywhere between 1 to 3 days, and are known to be created at random from the dreams and insecurities of local Pyewacket residents within 100 miles of the premises of SCP-8449. *(See investigation logs and attached addenda for more details and research information.)*

**Timeline of Initial Discovery & Containment:** The timeline recounting the discovery and containment of SCP-8449 is as follows.

On 4/██/20██, the premises containing SCP-8449 — including the Clean Circle Washers facility — entered into its initial fumigation state, which lasted roughly two weeks. After the initial effort was completed, a cover story was installed about the infesting insects returning, leading to a longer duration of fumigation from the period of 5/██/20██ to 7/██/20██. News stories disseminated to the media at the time recounted the fumigation period as having been unexpected, but necessary to continue operations of the Clean Circle Washers facility.

Finally, on 7/██/20██, a corollary cover story was installed surrounding the discovery of mold, asbestos, and rot in the structural beams throughout the main Clean Circle Washers facility, as well as those of the businesses around it, which included a grocery store operating as a local franchise of the ████████ chain of grocery stores.

On 8/██/20██, the entire strip mall surrounding the Clean Circle Washers facility was shuttered and listed as permanently condemned. From the period of 8/██/20██/ to 8/██/20██, the premises of the entire Pyewacket Central Plaza strip mall entered into the ownership of various realty companies acting as Foundation front companies until Provisional Site-49 was established around the Clean Circle Washers facility and storefront within the Pyewacket Central Plaza strip mall on 8/██/20██.

On 9/██/20██, a division of researchers from the Department of Paracosmology was dispatched to the newly-established Provisional Site-49 — Research Group Delta-5 ("The Dry Dreamers"), which included Drs Maxine O'Malley, Clarissa Jericho, Dayhill Fontaine, and Gideon Franklin, as well as interns Rebecca Mendenhall, Truman Thompson, and Sabrina Cabal — in order to research, log, and map out the dimensions created by instances within SCP-8449 to the fullest possible extent, as well as determine the connections (if any) to the inner psyche of Pyewacket itself.

**Investigation Logs:** In the course of their investigation into the cause of SCP-8449's central anomaly, the members of the Dry Dreamers research group launched a multi-pronged research project throughout the town of Pyewacket and the surrounding areas, wherein each member worked with local and provincial authorities as well as many leading psychotherapists in order to determine a list of possible candidates such as troubled thinkers, insomniacs, recovering or current sufferers of various addictions or neurological disorders, or who might show signs of an anomalous connection with the rooms presented by the instances of SCP-8449.

In most cases, direct connections between individuals living in Pyewacket or the area surrounding Pyewacket were able to be determined and linked to the various "dream rooms" created by the instances of SCP-8449, typically from those who had been complaining of troubling subconscious visualizations or other related mental difficulties, many of whom volunteered their information willingly to the undercover members of the Dry Dreamers as part of the sleep studies and interviews used by the research group as cover stories.

Thanks to the record-keeping efforts from interns Rebecca Mendenhall and Sabrina Cabal, much of this information is included on this page. Intern Truman Thompson's contribution efforts are still under review by Provisional Site-49 Director Clarissa Jericho, as well as Group Director Maxine O'Malley.

For privacy's sake, many of the names on this page have been altered or replaced with false names in order to conceal the identities of the individuals connected to and discovered by these investigations. However, an original version of this document is available for those of Level 4 security clearance or above, preserving the original names for posterity and recordkeeping.

<details>
<summary>+ Show Addendum 8449-IL-1</summary>

**Addendum 8449-IL-1:** The following is an obituary for Philip Seaver, the founder and late owner of the Clean Circle Washers facility. He became deceased in spring of 20██ after a bout of intense dementia, with family members supporting him and the facility until his passing. The obituary was discovered by Dr Clarissa Jericho, who found it in a copy of the *Pyewacket Province* from 3/██/20██, and made a copy to be included in this page.

> Local businessman Philip Seaver, owner and founder of Pyewacket's own Clean Circle Washers laundromat in the Pyewacket Central Plaza, has died this past Saturday at his home in Pyewacket. He was 78, and had been suffering from intense dementia ever since its onset in the summer of last year.

> 

> His death was confirmed by his family, including wife Patricia and his children Adria and Oliver, in a press release earlier this week. A family man and active supporter of Pyewacket's local businesses for many years, Philip was often described as an imaginative, though sometimes absent-minded person, often prone to flights of random dissociation in between intense attention paid to the laundromat he had spent these past many years maintaining.

> 

> He is survived by his family and the many residents of Pyewacket whom both he and his laundromat have helped and served over the years, and a funeral service is planned for this Sunday at the Memorial Green on North Avenue. The Clean Circle Washers laundromat is expected to remain open for many years to come, so long as his family and friends continue to do so in his stead.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Show Addendum 8449-IL-2</summary>

**Addendum SCP-8449-IL-2:** SCP-8449-23 was thought to be inactive until intern Rebecca Mendenhall detected a minute radio signal emanating from the instance's machine. Although its interior resembled a normal washing machine, this signal was detected on her computer system's monitoring devices, carrying with it the following broadcast.

**Unidentified Broadcast Audio Log Transcript**

**Date:** 10/██/20██

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**SCP-8449-23-1:** ...from the Peoples' Wire. News reports have confirmed that the recent "reanimation pandemic" has indeed affected other countries, with rise events occurring across the 50 Stars and the Eastern Alliance as well. The countries of Jawington, Gefruda, Cathmi, Beganta, and Kesmorga are still affected, with borders closing and governments considering increasingly drastic measures as a means of containing the spread of this violent affliction.

The government of the 50 Stars has announced the "reanimation prevention program", an effort intended to curb the rise and seize the sources where they start. The program is intended to have its first demonstration in Jostroth today, where citizens have already encountered numerous individual rise events and have been hoping for a solution for weeks.

The program is expected to touch down at the manufacturing plant outside Lake Hayes at around 3 PM today, following a nationwide broadcast from Branch Leader Montgomery, guiding us and the citizens of Jostroth — and hopefully the world — through this terrible pandemic, and the even more drastic measures required to contain it.

[END LOG]

At around 2 PM, roughly 6 hours after Intern Mendenhall first discovered this broadcast, SCP-8449-23 produced several intense, sudden bursts of radiation, causing the rest of the facility and Provisional Site-49 to be evacuated and locked down. However, once the expected limit for a "dream room"'s duration passed, local radiation levels faded almost completely, with testing showing an almost instantaneous return to safe habitation levels. No visible damage was detected to the instance's associated washing machine, nor to the surrounding Clean Circle Washers facility, and researchers were able to continue working as normal. 

SCP-8449-23 has remained inactive, with aditional lead shielding placed around it and other washing machines in the event of similar future incidents. Secure Containment Procedures for this page have been duly updated, and noted where appropriate.

</details>

<details>
<summary>+ Show Addendum 8449-IL-3</summary>

**Addendum 8449-IL-3:** The following is a journal entry gifted to the members of the Dry Dreamers research group by one G██████ Thornton during their investigation. G██████ Thornton was interviewed in association with their experiences and behavior on a recent construction site near the Churchill River in northwestern Manitoba, which involved several concerning outbursts, followed by a prolonged period of social isolation. In order to perform the interviews, the Dry Dreamers posed as psychotherapists engaging in a volunteer-based sleep study to determine the effects of various job conditions on a person's sleep patterns and subconscious visualization states.

Due to the mishandling of the devices used during the interviews by intern Truman Thompson, audio logs from the sessions have been lost.

> Sorry. I didn't know the phone would explode like that. I thought they recalled these things already.

> 

> — Tru

A recovery effort is underway; however, the journal entry is preserved here, in its original form, transcribed into this article along with additional notes from G██████ Thornton lending further context and explanation of the information. Physical copies of each have been attached to the offline file stored at Provisional Site-49, requiring a Level 3 or above security clearance to access.

> Cabin's done. Finally. I wasn't there to see it finished, but Van tells me the client was happy with it.

> 

> I've been locked up too long, I guess. I can't stop seeing it.

> 

> Writing about it sounds awful. But it might be good to get it off my chest.

> 

> It's a room where the walls are covered in trees. Sometimes they're real, and sometimes they're fake. Like the walls themselves come alive with nature's trunks. There's a sawblade in the middle, spinning so loud you can hear it screaming in your head. I could, anyway.

> 

> That's where the dream always starts — the spinning of that damn sawblade. I'm sitting on it and I can feel it ripping through my guts. I can feel — although it's completely numb — the overwhelming loss as my guts spill out in bright red, and blue and purple, and darker colors too.

> 

> My legs turn into rats. Once the sawblade cuts them off, they fall to the floor and I hear them crackling and screeching; my pants become their fur, and my toes become their tails, and my bones their noses and whiskers. They scrabble out across the floor and up the walls all around me, sometimes chewing at the trees and sometimes tearing at the walls of the room, where whatever's outside can wrap them up and spit them back at me again. No escape for even the pests, I guess.

> 

> My top half becomes a supernova. The pain I can't feel bursts through my chest into a wide, collapsing star, spreading out all at once in the space above the sawblade. I guess that's enough to start an entire weather system flowing, because grey thunderclouds form near the ceiling, and the sawblade's screaming agony is backed up by the chorus of the crashing clouds, the thunder from unseen plasma crackling and exploding in unpredictable rhythms and chords.

> 

> And the star burns too bright.

> 

> And the room burns along with it. And everything else does too.

As a supplement to the journal entry, G██████ Thornton provided the members of the Dry Dreamers research group with the following notes, taken during their initial interview sessions to further explain more of the situation and the context of the dream itself.

> I see black roses after. I forgot to add that part.

> 

> Van and I are fine, but I just keep dreaming those roses too. Like petals in the wind. Like if someone stripped a crow and tossed their feathers off the Peace Tower. The sawblade, the supernova, and eveything else. It just turns into roses in the end.

> 

> As black as the night always is when I'm dreaming. Or not dreaming, I guess. But sleeping. And not knowing a damn thing that ever happens to me, or why.

</details>

<< [SCP-8448](SCP-8448) | SCP-8449 | [SCP-8450](SCP-8450) >>

> **Filename:** Laundromat_ontario.jpg

> **Name:** (if different from filename)

> **Author:** Joshua Sherurcij

> **License:** [ Attribution only license](https://m.wikidata.org/wiki/Q98923445 )

> **Source Link:** https://commons.m.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Laundromat_ontario.jpg
