**Item #:** SCP-8955

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures**: Any accidental deaths within the Continental United States are to be investigated for links to SCP-8955, if they match multiple of the following keywords: **{{accidental}}, {{hallucination}}, {{widowed}}, {{irrational}},** and/or **{{'help them'}}**.

In the event of an ongoing appearance, the closest MTF team is to be dispatched in an attempt to intervene. Any police reports involving the appearance of SCP-8955-A and SCP-8955-B are to be intercepted, redacted and filed accordingly.

**Description**: SCP-8955 refers to a pair of spectral anomalies, SCP-8955-A and SCP-8955-B, and their associated divinatory effects (herein, collectively referred to as SCP-8955). SCP-8955-A is a young boy, approximately 7 years old, of unknown descent, while SCP-8955-B is a young girl, approximately 3, of similar heritage. The true identities of the entities are presently unknown.

SCP-8955 events occur throughout the United States with no detectable pattern -- only eye-witness accounts have been recorded, and no images of SCP-8955 have been captured. Individuals who claim to witness SCP-8955 will be found deceased, within hours, as a result of an accidental death.

It is currently believed that SCP-8955 serves as an omen of death, with no further anomalous effects. To date, no witnesses to SCP-8955 have survived. Current research has focused on anticipating the appearance of SCP-8955 in an effort to prevent said corresponding death.

**Addendum 1:** Recorded SCP-8955 Appearances

Records indicate that SCP-8955 was first observed in November 2003, in Joplin, Michigan. To date, 13,840 events have been identified. Notable instances are included below:

> **Location:** Ed's Junkyard, Redmond, WA

> ~~-~~

> **Cause of Death:** Ed Stevenson, 47, was found deceased within a compacted vehicle. One minute prior to his death, an outbound text message was recorded from his phone, reading 'i cant find them'

> **Additional Notes:** N/A

> **Location:** 17 First Street, Hampton, Ohio

> ~~-~~

> **Cause of Death:** Sandra Iverson, 36, was seen running into traffic, before being hit by a truck, dying upon impact. She was quoted as shouting 'Why won't you move?'

> **Additional Notes:** Speed bumps were installed on First Street, following community uproar regarding the safety of their children.

> **Location:** Greenberg Financial, Floor 56, New York, NY

> ~~-~~

> **Cause of Death:** John White, 53 and Sarah White, 52, both claimed to witness SCP-8955 on a window cleaning platform outside of their offices, according to individuals on a conference call at the time. Mr. and Mrs. White were found deceased, on street level, due to a sudden stop.

> **Additional Notes:** Mr. and Mrs. White's children were remanded into the custody of Social Services.

> **Location:** California State Fair, Sacramento, CA

> ~~-~~

> **Cause of Death:** Jen Waters, 27, was employed as a ride operator for a wild mouse-style coaster. Witnesses claim that Ms. Waters climbed onto the rails, attempting to coax an unknown individual from concealment. Following the collision, witnesses claim her screams persisted for upwards of 15 minutes.

> **Additional Notes:** Following the accident, the ride vehicles were modified to improve the safety of the riders.

> **Location:** *Wild Wolf's Pizza and Entertainment*, Yankton, South Dakota

> ~~-~~

> **Cause of Death:** Jonah Lucas, 17, Peter Lerr, 31, Bethany Reed, 45 and Tyler Evan, 26 were found in the basement, dead, electrocuted via live wire. Security footage shows each victim attempting to reach towards an unknown shadow located within a large puddle, prior to their electrocutions.

> **Additional Notes:** *Wild Wolf's Pizza and Entertainment* was closed, under the cover story of safety concerns. The 84 children in attendance were amnesticized, and relocated for their protection. Of note, 3 of the amnesticized children were directly related to one of the victims, Jonah Lucas.

> **Location:** Crystal River Nuclear Plant 3, Crystal River, FL

> ~~-~~

> **Cause of Death:** *For a full list of deceased, see attached incident report.* On May 17th, 2008, alarms indicated that the plant was experiencing a sudden, unexplained presence within the reactor core. Records indicate that employees forced the reactor into criticality, in an attempt to override automated locks on doors leading into the core. Audio recordings captured immediately prior to meltdown contain distorted sounds of SCP-8955-A and SCP-8955-B laughing.

> **Additional Notes:** All children under the age of 13 in Crystal River were remanded into Foundation custody.

**Addendum 2:** Additional Notes

To date, Foundation MTF Teams have reported 2,680 accidental casualties in attempts to intervene during SCP-8955 appearances. In response to the continued sustained losses, on 15 June, 2022, O5 Council Members voted to allocate additional funds towards the prevention of further deaths predicted by SCP-8955's appearance -- the vote passed, 13-0.

*We haven't managed to yet, but it is clear these young spirits are in desperate need of our help. We have a duty to intervene, and must attempt to put their souls to rest. No matter the price, [somebody must think of the children](https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/goes-unpunished). -- Dr. Ferrin, Lead Researcher//

**Update:** On 29 June, 2025, Dr. Ferrin initiated a full lockdown of Site-19. Dr. Ferrin was then seen attempting to force entry into the Foundation daycare facility on site, as per the following audio recording:

**Site-19 Daycare -- Security Camera Audio**

---

**Dr. Ferrin**: You have to open this door, now!

**Daycare Staff:** Sir, please, you're scaring the children.

**Dr. Ferrin:** You don't understand! I have to make sure my daughter is okay -- I saw them, I swear. I just need to know she's alright.

**Daycare Staff:** Dr. Ferrin, please calm do--

**Dr. Ferrin:** I'm not going to fucking calm down when there's about to be a goddamn containment breach! Let me in!

Following hours of waiting, the lockdown was ceased due to lack of danger, and Dr. Ferrin was placed on a temporary psychiatric leave.

Notably, Dr. Ferrin has no known children.

<< [SCP-8954](SCP-8954) | SCP-8955 | [SCP-8956](SCP-8956) >>
