@@ @@

**Item #:** SCP-8122

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** This article has been made public domain per Lifted Veil protocols. Foundation assets posing as security guards will secure SCP-8122 with stanchion crowd control barriers and ensure tourists do not come within 2 meters of the statue. On the first Monday of each week, SCP-8122 will be provided 200 lbs of meat to mimic a human body, satisfying SCP-8122 for 24 hours and drastically minimising the chances of predation. Signs will be placed on each stanchion pole informing patrons of the nature of SCP-8122. An example is provided below.

<details>
<summary>Public Alert Notice</summary>

# Caution: Do not cross this 2 meter barrier. You will be severely injured or killed by an anomaly if you proceed.

@@ @@

## An entity of unknown origin has replaced the Venus de Milo.

@@ @@

### This entity is under jurisdiction of the Foundation.

</details>

SCP-8122 will also attack non-organic external items such as machinery and other items it perceives as threatening its structural integrity or current location. It has been observed that SCP-8122 will not attack items that are integral to the Louvre or those that existed before Foundation involvement.

These attacks are generally directed at containment equipment and prioritize the destruction of critical components. Due to its anomalous nature, regular containment is impossible, and containment must remain within public view. Site-06-03 has overseeing jurisdiction of SCP-8122.

**Description:** SCP-8122 is the designation given to an entity disguised as the "Venus de Milo", a statue that was discovered in the Isle of Milos, Greece, in 1820. It has been presumed that SCP-8122 has replaced the original Venus de Milo around the early 2000s.

Within a 2-meter threshold starting at SCP-8122, individuals will be affected by its cognitive hazard, which manifests as an increased urge to get closer and admire it. Once SCP-8122 has gathered as many civilians as it can, it will begin predation, starting with the arms of all affected individuals and persisting until consumed. SCP-8122's methods of predation are unknown as it does not move, and the flesh it consumes disappears from its target until it is gone.

SCP-8122 consumes organic matter at 4 lbs per 7 seconds; this rate is consistent regardless of the amount within the threshold. Civilians undergoing predation do not respond to the loss of limbs and body mass and will continue to view SCP-8122 until they die. SCP-8122 will consume all organic matter, including clothing, make-up, and natural and processed food. 

**Discovery:** The Foundation first discovered SCP-8122 when several Louvre patrons were reported missing. Items like phones, cameras, and coinage were found near the statue. Jean Isnard, a security guard who at the time was reportedly more focused on collecting the belongings near SCP-8122, screamed in agony when a chunk of his Palmaris Longus Muscle was removed from both of his arms. Jean Isnard then ran from SCP-8122 and informed the museum curator. An undercover Foundation member at the Louvre informed Site-06-03, and SCP-8122 was immediately closed to the public.

**Addendum-1:** All attempts at relocating SCP-8122 to a secure facility have failed. The costs of upkeep and buying new equipment are not sustainable and using D-Class is no longer permitted.

**Addendum-2:** Keeping SCP-8122 closed off permanently would have raised more questions than the Foundation is willing to answer, so SCP-8122 will be made available for public viewing but with strict measures in place.

**Addendum-3:** The general public has acknowledged the danger that SCP-8122 presents. Despite criticism of the containment measures, SCP-8122 still receives high foot traffic.

**Event Log:** SCP-8122/01

**Incident:**  First attempted transportation of SCP-8122 to Site-06-03.

**Project Lead:** Sophie Moreau, Head of European Containment Protocols.

---

**Results:** After the Louvre was closed to the public, four D-class with backgrounds in furniture removal were provided equipment to aid in the relocation of SCP-8122. One D-class was instructed to throw a tarpaulin sheet over SCP-8122 and then enter the 2 meter threshold. For over 2 minutes, SCP-8122 remained docile. That was until one of the D-class mounted the podium that SCP-8122 stood on and touched SCP-8122 to push it onto the jack.

The D-Class quickly lost all five digits on both hands and fell to the ground. He writhed in pain, clutching his hand. The other three D-Classes experienced the same. The first D-Class lost several sections of flesh from his lower leg and thighs but could leave the threshold before predation could be completed. The other three D-Classes fell victim to SCP-8122's attraction properties and were consumed.

**End Log**

**Addendum-4:** The affected D-Class, D-14788, lost consciousness and was taken to Site-06-03's medical bay. Two days later, D-14788 was awake and able to answer questions. The following log is the interview with D-14788.

**Interview Log:** SCP-8122/01

**Location:** Medical wing 4-A.

**Subject:** D-14788

**Interviewer:** Sophie Moreau, Head of European Containment Protocols.

---

**S. Moreau:** Sir, how are you feeling?

**D-14788:** How do you think, neither of my hands have fingers and my legs are fucked.

**S. Moreau:** Sir, could you describe what it felt like when you were attacked?

**D-14788:** It hurt a lot... I lost my fingers, so of course it would hurt.

**S. Moreau:**Can you try to recall how it felt when your fingers were attacked?

**D-14788:** That's tricky. My closest point of reference is when someone bites into an apple. It felt like someone had bitten off my fingers, I could feel the flat edges of human teeth.

**S. Moreau:** Can you tell me about the other three you worked with?

**D-14788:** Their dead, it was surreal, I watched them, they disappeared before me, little bits at a time, then their clothes fell to the floor and they were eaten too, they were good guys.

**S. Moreau:** Thank you, sir. That will be all for now.

**D-14788:** Wait, will I get my fingers back?

**S. Moreau:** Unfortunately, your fingers couldn't be retrieved, but we'll provide you with prosthetics.

**End Log**

**Addendum-5:** Questions were raised about why SCP-8122 only recently manifested these anomalous properties. Security Guard Jean Isnard provided a reason for this.

**Interview Log:** SCP-8122/02

**Location:** Site-06-03 Interview Room 1

**Subject:** Jean Isnard, Louvre Security Guard.

**Interviewer:** Sophie Moreau, Head of European Containment Protocols.

---

**S.Moreau:** Mr. Isnard, I won't keep you for too long. But this is about the Venus de Milo. Am I correct in assuming that this is the first time it has acted this way?

**J.Isnard:** Correct, the day I lost muscle tissue in my arms was the first time.

**S.Moreau:** Do you have an idea why it attacked you?

**J.Isnard:** It's obvious. The patrons make jokes and mock the Venus because it does not have arms. That's why it attacked my arms; it became jealous.

**S.Moreau:** A statue being jealous, is that not a bit farfetched?

**J.Isnard:** No, no. I patrol that area, walk back and forth, and hear the most childish and frankly annoying things said to Venus. I guess we should just be lucky it wasn't missing its head.

**End Log**

@@ @@

<details>
<summary>Incident Log SCP-8122-1</summary>

**Incident Log:** The corpse of a patron was found missing the upper portion of its body by Jean Isnard. The body was still intact from the waist down. Other patrons who witnessed the attack said they saw the head of the victim vanish, when they bent down to tie their shoes. It's suspected this caused the patron's head to cross the threshold.

As this new instance of SCP-8122 follows the same trend as the original, a glass wall will be erected to prevent further casualties with similar signage and security guards in place. 

**Updated Containment Protocols:** Meat will be placed within a 2 meter threshold of all statues within the Louvre. New instances will be recorded when the meat for a given statue is missing.

**Interview Log:** SCP-8122/03

**Location:** Site-06-03 Interview Room 1

**Subject:** Jean Isnard, Louvre Security Guard.

**Interviewer:** Sophie Moreau, Head of European Containment Protocols.

---

**S.Moreau:** Mr Isnard?

**J.Isnard:** Non, I'm not saying anything else.

**End Log**

**Addendum-6:** Jean Isnard will be held in Foundation custody until a confession or explanation is reached. 

</details>

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8121](SCP-8121) | SCP-8122 | [SCP-8123](SCP-8123) >>

> **Filename:** venus

> **Name:** The legendary Venus de Milo in the Louvre, 9 February 2014 cropped

> **Author:** Dion Hinchcliffe

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.5.

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/4994a6c8-09b0-4445-a8ae-ffa159f9106e?q=venus+de+milo&p=8

> **Derivative of:**

> **Additional Notes:**

> **Filename:** sam

> **Name:** Victoire_de_Samothrace_-_Musee_du_Louvre_-_20190812

> **Author:** Shonagon

> **License:** CC0 1.0.

> **Source Link:** https://openverse.org/image/c65875e7-91c5-447a-8e81-94708b9ce531?q=samothrace&p=4

> **Derivative of:**

> **Additional Notes:**
