**SCP-8279:** The Screaming

**Author:** 

⚠️ **Content warning:** Torture, suicide mention

[Other works by Zera27](https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/zera27)

**Item #:** SCP-8279

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** Worldwide communication networks have been deactivated. All methods of exoplanetary travel have been severed. All Foundation military-grade forces and personnel critical to the containment of anomalies capable of causing an XK-Class End-of-the-World scenario are to be surgically deafened and provided basic training in a sign language of their preferred language. Individuals suspected to be contaminated by SCP-8279 must be terminated by any means necessary.

**Description:** SCP-8279 is a memetically-transferred infovirus currently affecting approximately 5.2 million civilians, or 2.6% of Earth's estimated population. SCP-8279 forces its hosts into a state of constant panic by locking the hosts conscious thoughts into an echo chamber that magnifies fear into a [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-2565 conceptual fractal] through [https:*scp-wiki.wikidot.com/scp-5920 filtered iterations]. Due to this, and its cross-contamination with other memetic hazards, SCP-8279 quickly became immune to conventional memetic suppression techniques and is subject to a "snowball" effect, where it becomes more potent with each infection.

Infected persons generally experience emotional intensity that would normally be considered non-survivable. Symptoms set in approximately five minutes to one hour post-exposure. Common symptoms include but are not limited to; elevated heart rate, severe paranoia, emesis, uncontrollable screaming, inability to differentiate fiction from reality, aggression towards other people and animals, internal hemorrhaging, suicidal ideation, and organ failure.

SCP-8279 is exclusively transmitted verbally.

**Addendum 8279.1:** Discovery

On ██/██/████, during a routine enhanced interrogation method test, the test subject, D-6549, suffered a panic attack. Unbeknownst to on-site researchers, D-6549 had experienced prior exposure to SCP-████, resulting in her panic attack being transmitted to anyone who heard her voice. Some on-site researchers made outgoing calls to civilians prior to the detonation of Site-██'s warhead, who acted as new disease vectors for the memetic contagion. The resulting containment breach is most frequently referred to as "The Screaming" by survivors.

**Addendum 8279.2:** Interview

> **Interviewer:** Dr. Shilstone

> **Interviewee:** James Fields, an SCP-8279 infected civilian

> **Date:** ██/██/████, one day after the discovery of SCP-8279

> 

> **Foreword:** Dr. Shilstone has been provided with noise-cancelling headphones for this interview. James Fields was selected because he appeared to be conscious enough to attempt communication with MTF Nu-7 "Hammer Down." Fields' mouth has been fitted with a noise-cancelling speech-to-text muzzle. His hands have been restrained to prevent the removal of the muzzle. A monitor is prepared to display his portion of the interview.

> 

> ~~-~~

>

> **Dr. Shilstone:** Hello, Mr. Fields. I'm conducting this interview to get an idea of what exactly we're dealing with here.

> 

> **Fields:** I can't get the screwflies out of my flesh. They're laughing at me. The worms are laughing at me. Mottled and unwavering, nailclippers cutting my teeth. You're mocking me, aren't you? Screaming. Scattered across the fires of hell my skin molts away. An earworm of an earworm of an earworm trapped inside my skull, boiling to bursting. I can feel them sawing in the back of my head, taking my memories...  Is my family ok? Are you ok? Eternal scaphism, you slather me in honey for the insects to chew away at my soul. I don't want to die. I'm going to be pierced by a thousand white-hot nails until the blood gushes from me into a tepid pool. My mother is displeased that I don't bleed harder, burn harder, freeze harder. Please help me. Please help me. The scream is so loud that it tears me apart, bones snapping as my eyes splinter.

> 

> *Fields coughs up blood, which drips from his muzzle.*

> 

> **Dr. Shilstone:** Christ.

> 

> **Fields:** Why am I chewing my own sinew as I flagellate? I'll never be loved. I'll never... I'll never accomplish anything, be anything. All the worlds children flung from twelfth-story balconies as I watch. Their bodies squashed against the asphalt. You're going to execute me, aren't you? That's what this is, isn't it? Choking on the never-ending scream. I writhe in the mud, quills piercing all the tenderest parts of myself. I'm infected. Careening into the unknown. I suckle the teat of forgiveness, never to sequester its milk. Please kill me. Shove a spear slowly through my temples and watch as my body spasms. Crunch on my charred skin and surveil my darkest desires. My scalp pe-

> 

> *Dr. Shilstone turns the muzzle off.*

> 

> **Dr. Shilstone:** I think that's enough of that.

> 

> *Dr. Shilstone exits the interview chamber, the sound of gunshots echoing into the hallway.*

<< [SCP-8278](SCP-8278) | SCP-8279 | [SCP-8280](SCP-8280) >>
