**Item #:** SCP-8354

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** The entrance shaft to SCP-8354 has been welded shut. Further exploration has been forbidden by the O5 Council.

**Description:** SCP-8354 is a subterranean structure located underneath a forested area in the Laurentian Mountains. The interior layout of SCP-8354 is comprised of a singular hallway with two sets of rooms branching off both long sides, and a singular chamber on each end. The easternmost chamber is connected to a thin passageway, roughly 250m long at a slight incline and ending with a metal ladder to the surface. This ladder is accessible via a metal hatch bearing the words ”SCP Foundation Department of Abnormalities”. The contents of the westernmost chamber are as of yet unknown.

SCP-8354 was discovered by Foundation agents after a disturbance related to a containment breach at Area-███ caused a shift in the snow, uncovering its access shaft. It was initially believed to be part of Area-███ due to its close proximity, however no records of the structure exist within the Foundation database. 

The access shaft was initially inaccessible, buried under approximately 17 feet of compacted snow. It is theorized that the hatch was buried by an undocumented avalanche at some point in the past. 

Upon discovery, the bodies of two deceased males were found inside the access shaft; during autopsy, they were both determined to have perished from hypothermia. Their stomachs were noted as containing copious amounts of human blood.

Due to its proximity to SCP-███, the majority of the structure is completely flooded. As of writing, it is only able to be explored and mapped through the use of remote-controlled submersibles and ground-penetrating radar. Descriptions of the interior contents of SCP-8354 can be found below:

> **Room One**

> **Description:** The room is lined with bunk beds. There is a collection of lockers situated in one of the far corners. These mostly contain various smaller items, such as books and stationary.

> **Room Two**

> **Description:** Appears to have acted as some kind of communal area. Several upturned pieces of furniture are scattered across the floor, with various pieces of medical equipment and cooking ware on a nearby counter.

> **Room Three**

> **Description:** The room is notably more barren than the other three. There is a set of metal chains affixed to one of the walls; the purpose of these are unknown. A series of symbols appear to be carved into the walls, however specifics can not be made out through the opaque fluid.

> **Room Four**

> **Description:** The walls are lined with an array of screens. There is what appears to be a large control panel positioned on a raised podium in the center of the room. The ceiling is lined with a mass of pipes and gauges. A metal box is mounted on one of the walls; it appears to have once featured a small viewing window however the glass has been shattered. There is a single button inside.

The door to the westernmost chamber of SCP-8354 appears to be sealed shut via an external locking mechanism. Specifics are difficult to make out, due to some kind of mild electrical interference emanating from inside the chamber, however there appears to be a severed human arm laying on the floor in front of the chamber door.

<details>
<summary>Other works by this author</summary>

| %%title_linked%% | Rating: %%Rating%% |
| --- | --- |
</details>

< [SCP-8353](SCP-8353) | SCP-8354 | [SCP-8355](SCP-8355) >

> **Filename:** forest.png

> **Name:** Through the snowy woods (15716142140).jpg

> **Author:** fishhawk

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Through_the_snowy_woods_(15716142140).jpg
