/* Logo Customization */

:root {

    ~~proposal-logo: url(https://scp-wiki.wdfiles.com/local~~files/theme%3Apenumbra/logo.png);

    --proposal-logo-filter: invert(100%);

    --proposal-logo-size: 15rem;

}

 

.proposal-logo {

    min-height: 15rem;

    filter: var(--proposal-logo-filter);

    background: var(--proposal-logo);

    background-size: var(--proposal-logo-size);

    background-repeat: no-repeat;

    background-position: center center;

}

.proposal-title {

    font-size: 2em;

}

 

.proposal-subtitle {

    font-size: 1.5em;

}

 

.proposal-title,

.proposal-subtitle {

    position: relative;

    margin: .5rem 1.25rem;

    margin-bottom: 0;

    padding: .5rem 1.25rem;

    padding-bottom: 0;

    --wght: 700;

    font-family: var(--title-font);

    text-align: center;

    color: rgb(var(--gray-monochrome));

}

 

.proposal-title p,

.proposal-subtitle p {

    margin: 0;

}

 

.proposal-author {

font-style: italic;

text-align: right;

}

/* Document Base */

.document {

    display: block;

    position: relative;

    max-width: 45rem;

    margin: 1.25em 1.25em 2.25em 1.25em;

    padding: 1.25em;

    color: rgb(var(--gray-monochrome));

    background-color: rgb(var(--white-monochrome));

    box-shadow: 0 0 10px rgba(var(--dark-gray-monochrome), .5);

}

 

.document::before {

    top: 5px;

    left: -5px;

    transform: rotate(-2.5deg);

}

 

.document::after {

    top: 2.5px;

    right: -2.5px;

    transform: rotate(1.25deg);

}

 

.document::before,

.document::after {

    content: "";

    position: absolute;

    z-index: -1;

    height: 98%;

    width: 98%;

    background-color: rgb(var(--white-monochrome));

    box-shadow: 0 0 10px rgba(var(--dark-gray-monochrome), .5);

}

 

@media only screen and (max-width: 1020px) {

.document::before,

.document::after {

        display: none;

    }

}

    /* Fix for BetterFootnotes overlapping sidebox by T3DK */

    .anchor {

     z-index: 8;

    }

@@ @@

Just a heads up: because of the way the penumbra bhl theme works, the footnote are covered by the sidebox divs and can't be read properly. i don't really know any solution for this issue, and im pretty sure there current is no solution. anyway have a good read.

actually it might be fixed i dont remember

@@ @@

the piece is about 13,763 words long, which normally takes a person 1.46hours.

.anom-bar-container.neutralized .text-part .main-class,

.anom-bar-container.neutralised .text-part .main-class {

    background-color: rgba(93,112,122 ,0.15);

    background-color: rgba(93,112,122 ,0.15);

    border-left: 0.75rem solid rgba(30,181,232 ,1);

    border-left: 0.75rem solid rgba(30,181,232,1);

}

.danger-diamond > .arrows {

    --danger-diamond-arrows: url("data:image/svg+xml,%3C%3Fxml version='1.0' encoding='utf-8'%3F%3E%3Csvg version='1.2' baseProfile='tiny' id='Layer_1' xmlns='http:*www.w3.org/2000/svg' xmlns:xlink='http:*www.w3.org/1999/xlink' x='0px' y='0px' viewBox='0 0 160 160' xml:space='preserve'%3E%3Cpath fill='%23010101' d='M136.1,133.3l23.9-23.9V51.2l-24-24l19.1-19.1l4.9,4.9l0-12.9l-12.9,0l4.9,4.9L133,24.2l-24-24H51l-24,24 L8,5.2l4.9-4.9L0,0.2l0,12.9l4.9-4.9L24,27.3l-24,24v58.2l23.9,23.9l-19,19L0,147.3l0,12.9l12.9,0L8,155.3l19-19l23.9,23.9h58.4 l23.9-23.9l19,19l-4.9,4.9l12.9,0l0-12.9l-4.9,4.9L136.1,133.3z M155.7,53v54.6l-22.6,22.6l-50-50L133,30.3L155.7,53z M52.8,4.5 h54.4l22.7,22.7L80,77.2L30.1,27.3L52.8,4.5z M4.3,107.6V53L27,30.3L77,80.2l-50,50L4.3,107.6z M107.4,155.9H52.6L30,133.3l50-50 l50,50L107.4,155.9z'/%3E%3C/svg%3E%0A");

    position: absolute;

    width: 100%;

    height: 100%;

    z-index: 1;

    background-color: rgb(1,1,1,0.6);

    -webkit-mask-image: var(--danger-diamond-arrows);

            mask-image: var(--danger-diamond-arrows);

    -webkit-mask-repeat: no-repeat;

            mask-repeat: no-repeat;

}

.danger-diamond > .top-icon,

.danger-diamond > .right-icon,

.danger-diamond > .left-icon,

.danger-diamond > .bottom-icon {

    border: 0.1875rem solid rgb(30,181,232 ,1);

    border: 0.1875rem solid rgb(30,181,232 ,1);

}

.anom-bar-container.neutralized .danger-diamond > .top-icon::before,

.anom-bar-container.neutralised .danger-diamond > .top-icon::before {

    background-color: rgba(55,55,55 ,1);

    background-color: rgba(55,55,55,1);

    background-image: url("https://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/component:anomaly-class-bar/neutralized-icon.svg");

}

---

**Assigned Site**

**Research Head**

**Temporary Task Force**

Site-251

Dr. Simon Wells

MTF υ-2

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** As SCP-8302 has been neutralized, no containment procedures are currently necessary. However, all individuals affected by SCP-8302 have been amnesticized to prevent any further issues; this includes those who had played a key role in Project MELVILLE's expedition.

**Description:** SCP-8302 refers to an unidentified cetacean discovered following the tracking of an annual, periodic call resonating at 52 hertz. Its sonic signature is comprised of an unusually high frequency as well as characteristic cluttering.

The following is a 15-second recording of SCP-8302's call.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=120

|float=true

|align=right

|width=45%

|url=https://upload.wikimedia.org/wikipedia/commons/3/39/52_hz_whale_map.svg

|add-caption=true

|caption=Approximate map of SCP-8302's migration range.

]]

SCP-8302 can be detected within the Pacific Ocean annually beginning August-December until it moves out of the range of local hydrophones in January-February, travelling between the Aleutian or Kodiak Islands and the California coast. 

Currently, SCP-8302 has never been officially documented in the media. However, witnesses claiming to have seen SCP-8302 have a tendency to unexpectedly faint despite the lack of previous health complications, as well as suffer from symptoms of depression. This phenomenon is universal among all self-proclaimed witnesses.

To date, there is only one individual who seems to be unaffected by symptomatic depression, despite claiming to have witnessed SCP-8302.

---

**{{Addendum 8302-1}}**

The Sailor

---

First detected along the California coast by the Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution in 1989, SCP-8302 was believed to harbour no anomalous qualities. This belief was invalidated on October 21st, 2013, when the Foundation's Department of Oneiric Studies conducted a routine UCEUnconscious Comfortability Examination. survey. The survey found that those with active seafaring backgrounds had an unnatural spike in inexplicable loss of consciousness.

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=120

|float=true

|align=left

|width=45%

|url=http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8302/sleep_graph_3.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=Unconscious: Red, Conscious: Purple

]]

Given the lack of knowledge regarding SCP-8302, Head Researcher Simon Wells was given tentative permission to personally investigate the phenomenon, provided that at least one combative personnel accompanied him. This resulted in Wells' initial deployment within Yakutat Bay, with the objective of interviewing a local sailor affected by the unconscious phenomena.

No task force was deployed due to the phenomenon having been assessed as harmless.

@@ @@

= **INTERVIEW LOG**

---

**Involved Individuals:**

* Simon Wells

* Morgan Harper

**Location:** Yakutat Bay Port

**Foreword:** Morgan Harper was an infamous sailor within Yakutat Bay's seafaring community, known for his obsessive quality to pursue SCP-8302. This interview was recorded via Wells' bodycam.

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=120

|float=true

|align=right

|width=45%

|url=http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8302/sailor.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=Sailor Morgan Harper on the far left during his time in the U.S. Navy.

]]

*[A flock of birds cry overhead, past the bay. Simon approaches a worn boat floating next to the bay's dock. Leaning over the opposite edge of the boat, Morgan intently watches as the waves crash against his ship. He appears to be holding a messy clipboard, occasionally writing in it for every impacting wave.]*

**Simon:** Uh, excuse me.

**Morgan:** One moment!

*[A few minutes pass as Morgan repeats the same process. Eventually, he records the impact of the last wave, before hastily flipping the several pages clipped on the clipboard. He flips between one of the many pages and his recent recording, muttering to himself.]*

**Simon:** Excuse me, Mr. Harper?

*[Morgan jumps slightly, before stopping what he is doing to face Simon.]*

**Morgan:** Oh, sorry about that. I forgot you were here. Did you need something?

**Simon:** Yeah. I was actually wondering if you had time for a quick interview.

**Morgan:** *[Frowning.]* No, sorry. I'm kinda busy right now, as you can tell.

**Simon:** I see. I heard that there was a whale I could only find around here, so I wanted to ask a few questions about that. Do you know anyone else I could ask?

*[Morgan raises his eyebrows.]*

**Morgan:** Are you talking about the dreaming whale?

**Simon:** I think that's what it was called, yeah.

*[Morgan smiles, before approaching Simon eagerly. He leans over the edge of the ship.]*

**Morgan:** Well, if that's the case, then I can make some time for you! Nobody's *ever* been interested in the whale other than me. Here, let's talk about it on the boat!

**Simon:** Oh, that's perfect! Thanks a lot for doing this.

**Morgan:** If it's about the whale, then I've got no problems with it!

*[Simon walks on a small bridge connected to the boat, which sways slightly as he steps onto it. The boat itself looks slightly worn, with scratches mostly along the edge of it. Grabbing two crates from nearby, Morgan places them apart from each other. He sits down on one of them, while Simon sits on the other. After a minute of Simon preparing a secondary camera, Morgan shifts in his seat.]*

**Simon:** Are you nervous?

**Morgan:** Nah, it's not that. I was just thinking a bit about the waves. Couldn't help but think about it.

**Simon:** Oh, I see. Don't worry, I promise this won't take long. For starters, could you tell me a bit of history about yourself? I hear you're well-known around these parts.

**Morgan:** Ah well, you know, it comes and goes. I've lived here for about my whole life, so my rep's been here a while.

**Simon:** Might I ask what you were known for?

**Morgan:** Ah, well, until a few months ago I'd been the guy you asked to get equipment fixed. You know, young guys came in to fix a broken rod or patch up their hull. Little things like that. Made a quick buck running that business. 

**Simon:** Busybody, eh? Is that business still up and running?

**Morgan:** Now? Nah, I closed it a few months back after getting too busy with some personal research. It really started eating up my time, and I couldn't risk having that affect my work.

*[Simon shifts in his seat.]*

**Simon:** May I ask about what you've been researching?

**Morgan:** Of course. I've been trying to make sense of the waves past the bay. Only noticed it a few months ago, but the tides don't really match up with the geography, and the sonar I've used on the bay doesn't make sense either. I even tried working out the graphs but nothing matches up right. All that's why I've been holed up recently. Actually, if you hadn't come, I probably would've been stuck researching again.

*[Morgan laughs.]*

**Simon:** Do your colleagues know about your research?

**Morgan:** Oh, they're sick of it, all right.

**Simon:** Why?

**Morgan:** Well, I don't know, really. Maybe it's cause I keep telling them about the bay lately, and since more of the sailors around here get sick easily too, they've gotten more sensitive about it.

**Simon:** But that doesn't make sense. Wouldn't they want you to get to the bottom of the problem?

**Morgan:** That's what I keep saying, but I just can't get through to them. They all say it's "cause of that whale", or that I've gone crazy, but the proof is in the pudding.

**Simon:** Hold on. Whale? What's that about?

**Morgan:** Hm? Did I forget to tell you? The whole reason I started my research was because of a whale.

*[Simon chuckles.]*

**Simon:** You did forget. Please tell me about it.

**Morgan:** *[Laughing.]* My mistake. I'll tell you all about it, but I can't make any promises. It's really hard to put it into words.

**Simon:** Don't worry about it.

**Morgan:** Well, it was just... a really big whale. You know. I tried getting a better look at it, but all I could see was its fin. And *that* was as big as my ship. Honestly, I haven't seen anything ever like it in my whole life. I still dream about it all the time, about seeing it again—it's like it's a missing piece of me, you know?

**Simon:** And the people call you crazy for seeing this?

**Morgan:** Not *just* crazy. They call me delusional, obsessed even, that I've been hellbent on seeing such a creature. If anything, I think that's the natural reaction if you're a sailor at heart. The others would probably agree with me, you know, even if they don't do anything about it. I just know it.

*[Silence.]*

**Simon:** Huh. Sorry— I, it's just a lot of information to take in.

**Morgan:** Don't worry about it, that's the reaction I usually get by now. Can't say I understand it. But *trust me*, if you've seen it for yourself, you'd get what I mean.

**Simon:** *[Clears throat.]* Well then, maybe I gotta see it for myself then. I'm 'real interested in this whale you're talking about. Like, what makes it different from other whales in the sea?

*[Morgan laughs.]*

**Morgan:** Oh man, there's *so* much about it that's different. Like, for starts, it's got a call that's *completely* unique to itself. Other whales'll call out to each other in fixed intervals, but this one ain't so much so. Its calls are completely cluttered, and its frequency is way higher than other species, so it's super recognizable.

**Simon:** Huh, that's interesting. Can you tell me a bit about how it acts in the ocean? I imagine that it's similar to its related species.

**Morgan:** You're close. From what I can tell, it moves a lot like a blue whale, but it calls out to others just like fin whales. It's like a mix of both, you know, which makes it even more unique.

**Simon:** How'd you get to know about it? Since it's such a big thing, I'm guessing you heard of it from the locals?

*[Morgan chuckles.]*

**Morgan:** Nah, not at all. I found out about it thanks to my Pa.

**Simon:** So he knew about it too?

**Morgan:** Of course. It was a dream of his to catch a whale that famous, you know?

**Simon:** That'd make sense.

*[Simon shows a pensive expression for a moment.]*

**Simon:** Last thing, do you mind if I see the research you've conducted so far?

**Morgan:** *[Pauses.]* Huh?

**Simon:** Oh, sorry. Was that too much to ask?

*[Morgan sits still for a few moments, thinking, then smiles widely as he stands up.]*

**Morgan:** Of course not. You just surprised me there. Nobody's ever really shown interest in my work. Not even Cap, even though I tried convincing him. Ah— How about I show you around the boat? It's a bit small, but I'm sure you'll love it. It's got scars of war from a recent whale encounter.

*[Simon stands.]*

**Simon:** Why not? Sounds like a great plan. Also, you've got a captain?

**Morgan:** What sailor would I be without their crew?

**Simon:** *[Slight chuckle.]* Good point. You're a sailor, alright.

**[EXTRANEOUS INFORMATION OMITTED FOR BREVITY.]**

---

**{{Addendum 8302-2}}**

The History

---

Following the interview with Morgan Harper, Head Researcher Simon Wells compiled a list of data and observations of the anomalous occurrences within Yakutat Bay.

Simon Wells found that the data on minor tidal flooding aligned with the data taken from the Department of Oneiric Studies' UCE survey. Additionally, with photos taken discreetly by Wells' bodycam, Morgan Harper's sonar reading roughly aligned with SCP-8302's sonic signature.

It should be noted that prior to Harper's obsession with SCP-8302, Charles Harper, the former's late father, was known to have exhibited similar, if not the same tendencies. This information was only found after Wells' interview with Morgan Harper, and thusly any personal information heard from Morgan himself was unable to be recovered.

Additionally, Wells requested to read Harper's personal journal after the interview with the intention of learning about SCP-8302, which he had written about beforehand. The following are a few excerpts from this journal, which have been transcribed for clarity. Note that some pages of the journal were found water damaged, and therefore unable to be transcribed.

### January 4th, 2013

##### Predeparture

---

Today's a good day.

Cap tested the waters a few hours before we set sail, and he's checking them again just in case—so far, everything looks fine and pretty normal.

Since Cap was busy, I had Roan and the others check the harpoon cannons mounted on the ship and the extra ones stored on the vessel. In hindsight, it might've been a bit overkill, but since we splurged most of our savings on this trip, there was no chance we'd waste it all.

The target choice for this week is the infamous "dreaming whale" recorded in Pa's fishing book. Maybe it was just my luck, but there wasn't a single thing that seemed like it belonged to the whale in Pa's collection. I tried looking around Pa's study, but there also wasn't any proof of the whale anywhere. You'd think that with the way my Pa was, he'd have at least a fin or tail lying around, but the room was bone dry. Then again though, his room was always messy.

It wasn't all that bad though. While looking for anything I could get my hands on, I found some of Pa's study notes on the dreaming whale. It seriously surprised me. I thought all his work was lost to the sea when he passed. Stroke of luck, I guess.

Anyway, I also tried asking around to see if anyone knew anything. No luck. Every time I asked they'd always say the same thing, or reply with energy small enough that they might've as well not even spoken. A lot of it is weird. Why was Pa the only one who didn't seem depressed?

### January 5th, 2013

##### Departure

---

Another good day. 

So far, things've been looking up for setting sail. Roan and the others finally finished stockpiling all the food in the ship's storage area and Cap just finished finalizing the plan for the next week after one final check.

Anyway, the plan's gonna be pretty dicey. When I told Cap about Pa's notes on the whale, he said there's no way we'd be catching it in the bay alone. Apparently, we had to go as far out as the Alaskan Gulf, and even then there was only a chance that we'd see the damn thing. Luckily it wasn't that bad, since travelling that far out into the sea isn't anything outta the ordinary. If anything, I'm glad that the plan seems so... normal. You'd think that by tryna catch something like the dreaming whale, you'd be forced to fall asleep on deck and throw imaginary harpoons at it or whatnot.

That reminds me—the other day, a stranger talked to me asking if we were tryna set sail for the dreaming whale. He looked really haggard though, like he hadn't been sleeping properly. When I asked him why the sudden question, all I got was a vague answer in response, just like all the other sailors who'd met the whale before.

I don't know what it was with him though, but there was just something about him that freaked me out. So when I told him my crew was gonna go out to sea, I just got shivers up my spine. He started begging outta nowhere to let him onto the boat, 'real stressed about the whole thing. I tried asking 'em what was wrong, but all he said was he *had* to see the whale again.

Anyway, I hightailed the hell outta there. Didn't wanna do anything with a freak like that. Imagine if the crew turned out that way.

Well, who am I kidding?

### January 6th, 2013

##### Monday at Sea

---

You know, I decided to finish what Pa started.

I mean, as far back as I can remember, he always seemed to talk about the dreaming whale he saw one night. He never really told me any of the details, but I still remember that he used the sighting trip as my bedtime story. Bit embarrassing when I think about it now.

Anyway, the crew and I left the port a few hours ago, and now we're just outside the whole bay. If my geography's up to par, we should be entering the Alaskan Gulf in just a few hours. We'd get there way faster if our engine was in top condition, but with the funds we had, we needed to make do with just a few repairs.

Aside from that, everything was pretty normal. Nothing too outta the ordinary.

Cap said that the upcoming weather might be a bit rough, but we should be fine as long as no monstrous waves find their way over here.

### January 7th, 2013

##### Tuesday at Sea

---

Cloudy skies, and Cap's as pragmatic as ever.

We've only been two days at sea and we only just breached the Alaskan Gulf last midnight, so when the rest of us asked what the travel plan would look like, Cap tried his best to explain the route.

Since the weather was gonna be acting up for the next few days, the winds were shifting our route just a tad. When Roan asked him about the sudden change, he claimed it would be more efficient and safer for the crew. Thanks for the thought, Cap.

Anyway, I just remembered what Pa said before he left that day. I just can't help but think about how he called a "sailor's curiosity" a curse. Isn't that what brings us to the sea in the first place?

Enough about that, though.

### January 8th, 2013

##### Wednesday at Sea

---

Still cloudy.

Here's a weird thing: we all had the same dream last night. Ain't that funny? When we all talked about it during lunch, Roan said that it was a bad omen going to befall us. Apparently, when you dream the same dream as someone else, you "link minds" almost like telepathy. A bunch of bullshit, if you ask me, but Roan's always been into that kinda paranormal stuff, so nobody really batted an eye.

If anything, I think I considered that a stroke of luck. We all dreamed about the dreaming whale we were supposed to capture. It's like, we were at sea in the night sky, but not exactly at sea because the sea itself was the night sky—we were sailing among the stars, trying to look for the infamous whale in the sea that is the universe. And the sky itself seemed like the ocean like the stars and the water switched places. And the rain, if any, would fall from the ocean as if to cry.

Even though I know it was a dream, it all felt so real, like I was actually there, sailing in the night while the ocean reflected the sky. All I could do was sit in awe, watching the endless waters which extended far beyond the horizon.

What lay beyond that eclipsed line beats me, but I know for a fact that what I dreamt was beautiful. And I would see it again if I were ever given the chance.

### January 9th, 2013

##### Thursday at Sea

---

It rained, today.

It's our fourth day at sea, and energy among the crew has not been any lower. We had the same dream again last night, but all we could do was sit still, compelled to watch the endless horizon. Even now, some of the other crew members just sit on the deck, staring past the water, disappointed that they aren't dreaming.

Roan tried bringing himself to sleep, but every time he actually knocked himself out, he said he couldn't see anything but darkness. Same with the other guys too; it seemed like they couldn't look at the sky, and seemed increasingly disappointed when they tried over and over again. Hell, even Cap seemed more tired than usual while manning the boat.

There's something about this that really bothers me; I just can't put my finger on it.

### January 10th, 2013

##### Friday at Sea

---

Cap fought with Roan last night, all because Cap refused to sleep so he could man the boat.

I tried letting them talk things out for themselves, but the argument they had just grew worse and worse until Roan flipped. I had to step in or else Cap would get knocked right in the face—luckily, he hit me instead. I don't know what came over him, but when he noticed what he did, he looked horrified and ran out to the deck. Roan never really acted that way.

When I talked to Cap about it, he said that Roan was just immature, and couldn't handle sailing for longer than five days at sea. That just doesn't make sense. We've been on so many seafaring trips, and only *now* he's saying that Roan's immature? I didn't get it.

Speaking of which, we weren't able to dream last night. The rest of the crew knew it was 'cause of Cap and Roan, but they didn't bring anything up. If anything, they looked lifeless, only fishing over the boat to distract themselves from their lack of sleep.

I couldn't blame 'em, though. Nothing's just felt the same. God. What's wrong with us? What's wrong with me?

### January 11th, 2013

##### Saturday at Sea

---

I saw it again. 

For real, this time. In the flesh. We didn't dream about it. We haven't dreamt since Thursday, but we saw it again, swimming in the ocean during the night. It was among the stars, the night sky reflecting on its skin as it circled around us.

Cap stopped the boat. He had to. There was no way for us to miss that scene. All of us sat there, sitting on the deck as we watched the whale swim with the fish. It was mesmerizing, I just can't describe it. It's like if the sky fell to the ground to swim in the sea, then that's what the whale was. It looked like it came exactly from my dream, and I remember trying to look beneath the water to see it, only to realize that the water itself seemed to be it.

That's when I realized—there was no possible way to capture the whale. And it all made sense—the reason why Pa had no proof of its existence, why the sailors wanted to see it again, why the crew sat still in silence—it was because we simply couldn't comprehend it. A being so large and vast that all we could do was watch in awe. That's what the dreaming whale was. We didn't dream of it. No, not at all. It was the other way around.

And yet, Roan could stand among the rest of us. He approached the whale with his hand, fearfully, but I could remember him standing before the whale, hand on the harpoon while the rest of us did nothing. He tried to do what the rest of us could not. 

He tried to capture it. 

But he failed, and I saw him pay the price.

---

**{{Addendum 8302-3}}**

The Proposal

---

Although Morgan Harper's interview was successful, Head Researcher Simon Wells' subsequent attempts at obtaining information ended in failure. Witnesses claiming to have seen SCP-8302 did not appear as communicative as Harper, with some even refusing to comply. As such, further investigation into the matter depended entirely on Harper himself, given that the means to contact SCP-8302 remained unknown.

Taking note of a previous offer made by Harper to join his crew, Wells initiated and forwarded a project proposal to continue studies on SCP-8302. The following is a finalized copy of Wells' proposal to the area's Site Director.

@@ @@

**Department of Interdimensional Stability**

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=120

|float=true

|align=right

|width=35%

|url=http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8302/interdimensional_stability.png

|add-caption=true

|caption=Department of Interdimensional Stability

]]

**Overview:** The Department of Interdimensional Stability is a newly established department which handles a specific subset of dimensional anomalies. This subset is typically interdimensionalRelating to or handling with the subspatial dimensions of baseline reality (e.g., noospheric subspace, temporal subspace, etc.) in nature and is not to be mistaken for extradimensionality.

Because of the still-developing research into the qualities and effects of interdimensionality, there are currently no major breakthroughs to date; however, recent studies toward Project MUNDUS show that the influence of alternate timelines may further interplanar research.

In the case of SCP-8302, the Department of Interdimensional Stability is working in conjunction with the Department of Oneiric Studies in order to maintain interdimensional stability. This is to ensure that the noospheric subspace does not collapse.

PROJECT PROPOSAL

"MELVILLE"  @@ @@ ##46D217|Approved##

November 1st, 2013

Simon Wells

Department of Oneiric Studies

---

**Proposal Statement:**  The observation of SCP-8302 for continued studies into the noosphere.

**Project Lead:** Head Researcher Simon Wells

**Proposal Details:** Although current information on SCP-8302 is limited and scarce in nature, it has come to my attention that the anomalous properties it possesses may extend beyond the influences of symptomatic depression. Through the compiled data attached to this document, it is possible to infer a connection between the four distinct, but related evidences:The data and images being referred to are the observations taken from Morgan Harper's study.

* Minor tidal floodings

* Inexplicable lack of consciousness

* Sonar readings

* SCP-8302's sonic signature

It is evident that the tidal floodings and increasing occurrences of sudden fainting are a result of SCP-8302's sonic signature and influence. Given that older individuals within Yakutat Bay express confirmation of SCP-8302's existence as far back as 1989, it is reasonable to assume that the anomalous occurrences come as a result of continued civilian attempts to contact SCP-8302.

Given this information, I, Head Researcher Simon Wells, propose that the current information of SCP-8302 may be intrinsically linked to the noosphere and that pursuing this research will benefit both the Department of Oneiric Studies and the Department of Interdimensional Stability.

**Planning:** Due to the nature of this research, Project MELVILLE's development will be overseen by two individuals: Head Researcher Simon Wells, and Head Researcher Orwell Chief. The Department of Oneiric Studies will be directly responsible for the live operation of Project MELVILLE, as well as the direct study into SCP-8302. On the other hand, the Department of Interdimensional Stability will be responsible for maintaining noospheric control.

The idea will be to use Morgan Harper's first-person accounts in order to create a viable vessel for noospheric travel. Given that SCP-8302 likely resides within its own noospheric space, it is necessary to develop and refine current oneiric technology to ensure that the project is a success.

Lastly, the project cannot be conducted by more than a select amount of individuals, in order to maintain noospheric stability. As such, the personnel required to make contact with SCP-8302 can only be Head Researcher Simon Wells, and designated MTF operatives, under the guise of supporting Harper's crew.

= *We hope to see that this project comes to fruition.*

= ***Secure. Contain. Protect.***

---

**{{Addendum 8302-4}}**

The Captain

---

Shortly after Project MELVILLE's approval, Head Researcher Simon Wells was dispatched back to Yakutat Bay for the sole purpose of entering an agreement with Morgan Harper and the rest of his crew. Although Harper was easily accepting of Wells' recruitment, his captain, Davey Leif would not acknowledge him and the previously discussed deal unless convinced otherwise. The following is an audio transcription between Simon Wells' proposal and Davey Leif.

It should be noted that both Davey Leif and Morgan Harper were not considered to be replaced or amnesticized because of their involvement toward the MELVILLE project.

= **AUDIO LOG**

---

**Involved Individuals:**

* Simon Wells

* Davey Leif

**Location:** Yakutat Bay, Leif Household

**Foreword:** Although Davey Leif has remained absent from the fishing scene since January 15th, he is still considered one of the town's most knowledgeable experts. Despite this, however, he claims to have quit the fishing community.

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=120

|float=true

|align=right

|width=35%

|url=http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8302/davey_leif.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=Captain Davey Leif prior to witnessing SCP-8302.

]]

*[Three knocks ring from the Leif household. Wells waits for a few moments before knocking again. This process repeats four times until footsteps can be heard from the home. Eventually, the door opens and a gruff voice is heard.]*

**Davey:** Do I know you?

**Simon:** Ah, sorry for bothering you. My name is Simon Wells. You don't know me personally, but I'm acquainted with Morgan. Could I borrow a bit of your time?

*[Davey groans slightly.]*

**Davey:** What for? I don't have all day.

**Simon:** I understand. I'll get straight to the point. Morgan and I are preparing to set sail for the dreaming whale.

*[Silence.]*

**Davey:** Then I refuse. Go bug someone else.

*[The door creaks just as it's about to close, only to stop abruptly when Simon slips his foot in the narrowing gap.]*

**Davey:** Quite rude for somebody I've just met.

**Simon:** I apologize. Just— May I ask why you're not interested?

**Davey:** *[Sighing.]* I refused you already. Isn't that enough?

**Simon:** I'm sorry. It's just that I heard from Morgan that you'd seen the dreaming whale before during one of your trips together, and I thought hearing it from the person himself would help in our preparations.

**Davey:** If you heard from Morgan already, then I don't need to be here. You can just ask him for your questions.

**Simon:** Morgan is... preoccupied with his research. *[Pauses.]* I can't get through to him whenever he gets like this.

*[Silence, before Davey sighs. The door creaks open again as Simon falls forward slightly.]*

**Davey:** I see. It can't be helped, then. Come in and make it quick. I'd like to catch up with the news as soon as possible.

**Simon:** I understand.

*[Davey presumably steps aside as Simon enters the home. The door behind him closes as Davey speeds up his pace to catch up with Simon. The two sit down at a dining table. Television can be heard faintly in the background, and the sound of a ferry's horn can be heard in the distance.]*

**Simon:** So, I understand that you've refused the offer. Is there any particular reason why?

*[Davey sighs.]*

**Davey:** A goal like that isn't worth sailing for.

**Simon:** What do you mean?

**Davey:** I mean that you don't understand what you're getting yourself into. There's a lot more bad than good when it comes to that thing. Learned that the hard way.

**Simon:** I'm... afraid I don't see what you're getting at. I'm sure with your experience we'd be able to deal with any problems.

*[Davey groans.]*

**Davey:** See, this is the issue with you lot. You don't understand 'till you see it for yourself. *[Pauses.]* Though, I was like that too.

*[Silence.]*

**Simon:** May I ask what exactly happened on your last trip?

*[Silence again.]*

**Simon:** Sorry. If it makes you uncomfortable, you don't have to answer.

*[Davey sighs.]*

**Davey:** It's fine. It's not like I'll be seeing you again, anyway. *[Pauses.]* You've heard most of it from Morgan, haven't you?

**Simon:** Only until your crew met the whale.

**Davey:** Hm. Then you must've known about Roan. The old crew's engineer.

**Simon:** I only know that he'd been swallowed by the whale that day. Nothing more, nothing less.

**Davey:** Well, it's exactly as you said. I remember it took us a minute to process, getting eaten whole like that. *[Pauses.]* When we came to, we tried to fish him out, but at that point, nothing could be done.

**Simon:** That... sounds horrible. I'm sorry.

**Davey:** The worst part was we could still *see* him. We saw while he was swept further and further away from us, sleeping in the water. I could bet you that somewhere out there, he's still sleeping in the sea. And the rest of us knew that, unable to do a single thing. The guilt's probably still haunting them to this day.

**Simon:** And it haunts you too?

**Davey:** Of course it does. What person *wouldn't* feel guilty that they were the reason their friend could be dead?

**Simon:** You're right. That was insensitive of me.

**Davey:** Hm. It's fine. Is that all?

*[Silence for a few moments.]*

**Davey:** If that's it, then—

**Simon:** Forgive me for saying this, but I really do think that you should reconsider. Your experience is really valuable, so having you on board would help greatly.

**Davey:** Again with this? I already told you that I refused. I let you in here and if you can't at least respect my decision then you'll quickly find yourself out of this home.

**Simon:** It's not just *"this"*, Mr. Leif. I might sound arrogant saying this, but I have one hundred percent confidence that we can find Roan for you.

**Davey:** It's not *about* arrogance, it's about *respect*. And if you can't respect my decision that I can't respect your confidence. Are we clear on that?

**Simon:** The one thing I'm clear about is that Roan is alive, still sleeping out there. And if that's not enough, then I'm also confident we can find that dreaming whale with him.

*[Davey stands up, pushing his chair as it screeches on the ground. The table shakes, and nearby utensils clatter, as Simon also pushes himself away from the tablet slightly.]*

**Davey:** You are *incredibly* rude for a guest. Get out.

**Simon:** Mr. Leif, I need you to understand that having Morgan on board isn't enough. If we go out there alone, it could very well end up in failure, and I *don't* want that to happen. So please, your being there would be incredibly helpful.

*[Davey stammers slightly.]*

**Davey:** You— Having Morgan on board isn't enough for me. We've already been through enough, and I don't want to deal with that again!

**Simon:**  If it isn't enough for even someone like you, then I'm sure you can imagine what it'd be like for Morgan. He's reliving his experience because of my request, and I need you to be there to support him.

**Davey:** I am *not* taking those chances. Get out. Now!

**Simon:** Mr. Leif, please. You are the last person he needs. Morgan doubts himself, and without you, he's afraid that it'll just end up in failure. Are you *sure* you want to stand by doing nothing again?

**Davey:** I—

**Simon:** Please, Mr. Leif. One last trip, one last time. Morgan *needs* you. He said that himself. 

**Davey:** Morgan? He asked for me?

**Simon:** Yes, Morgan himself asked for you to accompany him. In fact, that's why I'm here. *[Pauses.]* I'm sorry, I lied. I didn't come to persuade you on my own. Morgan asked me on his behalf.

**Davey:** But, why didn't he ask me himself?

**Simon:** ...because he's ashamed of himself.

*[Silence. Eventually, Davey sits back down and the chair screeches as it rubs against the floor.]*

**Davey:** I will join on one condition.

**Simon:** Anything.

**Davey:** You let me man the boat.

---

**{{Addendum 8302-5}}**

The Departure

---

Following Head Researcher Simon Wells' conversation with Davey Leif, preparations for Project MELVILLE were underway. As a result of the joint cooperation between the Department of Oneiric Studies and the Department of Interdimensional Stability, development was split into two categories. 

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=120

|float=true

|align=left

|width=45%

|url=http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8302/image2.png

|add-caption=true

|caption=New approximate location of SCP-8302 as of departure.

]]

Personnel under the Department of Oneiric Studies were responsible for the dissemination of the Melville Crew'sThe temporary crew name given to those who would be boarding Morgan Harper's ship, or playing a key role in Project MELVILLE. expedition into the Alaskan Gulf, as well as an additional survey on the Yakutat Bay locals, understanding of SCP-8302. By spreading the word about the crew's departure, it was believed that the likelihood of success would increase exponentially."As a general rule of thumb in the noospheric subspace: the scope of its influence is only as great as the scope of one's belief." (William, B. Brocksford. (2012) *An Overview into the Interdimensional Subspaces*. Foundation Press.) Furthermore, training for both Harper and Leif would be handled by MTF υ-2 ("Searfarers"), detailing instruction on handling the ship's new equipment.

On the other hand, personnel under the Department of Interdimensional Stability were responsible for equipping the Melville Crew with equipment suited for interplanar travel. This included but was not limited to items such as a Scranton Reality Anchor (SRAs) or an OBES.Out-of-Body Experience Stabilizer. This allows a Foundation operative to oversee and maintain an individual's OBE state.

Additionally, surveys conducted on the Yakutat fishing community on the effects of SCP-8302, as well as final observations on the effects of SCP-8302, assisted in narrowing down its current migration range by 70%. Tracing technology used by the sonar images pinpointed SCP-8302's approximate toward the lower half of the Alaskan Gulf. Furthermore, further observations of SCP-8302's sonic signature revealed an active time call time between 20:00 PM and 24:00 PM, relative to Pacific Daytime.

Both the development and preparations of Melville Crew and its ship would finish on November 9th, 2023 and official departure would occur on the following day. For ease of access, the newly developed ship, named "Hermann" would be a larger and more versatile version of Morgan Harper's original ship. The ship contained three different vessels and multiple harpoon cannons fitted with multiple anomalously modified harpoon cannons, which were developed for the best chances of success.

---

**{{Addendum 8302-6}}**

The Contact

---

The Melville Crew's "Hermann" departed from Yakutat Bay on November 10th, 2023, following the end of Project MELVILLE's preparation phase. The crew would officially consist of Head Researcher Simon Wells, Captain Davey Leif, and Vice-Captain Morgan Harper, as well as MTF υ-2 ("Seafarers") operatives acting as Yakutat Bay sailors.

Note that because the majority of the expedition was recorded via Foundation-made noospheric cameras, information unrelated to the capture and events of the Melville Crew at sea have been omitted for brevity. 

The following is a video transcription of the initial events which unfolded following the breach of SCP-8302's approximate location.

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Involved Individuals:**

* Simon Wells

* Davey Leif

* Morgan Harper

* MTF υ-2 ("Seafarers")

* Melville Crewmembers

**Location:** Alaskan Gulf

**Foreword:** For ease of use, the Melville Crew's expedition has been compiled into a single video log transcription. There has been no distinction between "Hermann's" multitude of cameras, including Simon Wells' personal bodycam.

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=120

|float=true

|align=right

|width=45%

|url=http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8302/hermann_ship.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=Melville Crew's "Hermann" prior to departure.

]]

*[The time is currently 22:23 PM PST. Simon is next to Morgan as he leans over the ship's gunwale. In the background, several members of both Upsilon-2 operatives and Yakutat sailors can be seen conversing. A small amount of water splashes over the boat, and the waves appear to be slightly rough. Morgan looks up at the cloudy sky, before watching past the ocean's horizon.]*

**Morgan:** Cloudy skies. It was like this back then too.

**Simon:** Are you talking about your last trip a few months back? How'd you remember that?

**Morgan:** Mmm, good question. I just do, you know? Wouldn't you?

*[Simon frowns. He turns to face Morgan.]*

**Simon:** ...no, I wouldn't. Ten months is a long time, Morgan. No way in hell I'd remember anything that far back. You got photographic memory or something?

**Morgan:** Don't think so. Can't even remember what I did yesterday, so you've gotta be off the mark. Maybe it's cause that trip was just the height of my life. That's why I remember.

*[Simon raises his eyebrow.]*

**Simon:** You sure that's it? Morgan, as a prolific researcher there are a lotta things that I consider the height of my life, but even I can't remember all of them. It's weird.

*[Morgan freezes for a moment before responding.]*

**Morgan:** Well, I guess I'm just special. Anyway, enough about me. I wanted to ask: how'd you manage to bring 'Cap aboard? Since our last trip together, nobody's been able to bring him back to sea. I was sure he'd given up on it.

*[Simon's expression cloudens slightly.]*

**Simon:** I... lied to him about it.

*[Morgan turns to face Simon.]*

**Morgan:** You what?

**Simon:** I lied. There was no way to get him aboard unless I told him *you* asked for him specifically. Was that a bad idea?

*[Morgan hesitates slightly. He stammers for a few moments before recollecting himself.]*

**Morgan:** No. I should thank you for that, actually. Ever since our last trip, Cap and I haven't had the chance to seriously talk. We went our separate ways too fast, and I've been too busy with my work.

**Simon:** What stopped you from approaching him though? Couldn't you have just turned up at his house one day? You've been crewmates for as long as I can remember.

*[Morgan chuckles slightly. He turns around to lean backwards on the gunwale, watching the rest of the Melville Crew play cards amongst themselves.]*

**Morgan:** Well, the longest you can remember was only half a month ago. There's a lotta truth to that, though. I *could've* just dropped by someday and tried to clear things up. *[Pauses.]* But I just couldn't, you know? I couldn't bring myself to step on his doorstep, even if I tried. And I don't know why either. The whole thing's been a mess.

**Simon:** Is that because of the dreaming whale?

**Morgan:** Is it?

**Simon:** Well, you told me you've been holed up in research for the last few months. That must've been it, no? I mean, if there's any reason for you to put off meeting Davey, your own Captain at that, then there's nothing else that makes sense other than that.

**Morgan:** See, that's the thing. That's what I think, that's what Cap thinks, but a part of me also thinks that there's something else to it. Sure, it might've been because I've been stuck with research, but maybe it's also because of Roan, or because I knew I *had* to see it for myself, again.

**Simon:** Huh, sounds like a rough time. I can't say I understand you, but if that's what you think then maybe that's what it is.

**Morgan:** Maybe less rough, and more confused, you know? There's just something about it that kinda felt... off, but I just couldn't put my finger on it. I just *know* that there's something more to it, and my way of getting to the bottom of it is finishing what I started.

*[Silence, broken by the occasional cheers from the nearby crewmembers. The waves crashing on the boat appear to grow slightly more intense, and the sky is now completely dark.]*

**Morgan:** Simon, I know it's weird to ask this after all I've said, but do you really think it's possible to see the dreaming whale again?

**Simon:** I really do think so. I know I've only just got here, and that I don't have as much experience as you do, but I'm a researcher by heart, and if there's one thing I'm sure of, then it'd be the quality of my work.

**Morgan:** If you say so.

*[At this point, droplets of water begin falling on the ship, which grows increasingly intense by the second. Some of the crewmembers quickly pack up their cards, rushing to the interior of the ship seeking shelter, while the others begin patrol over the gunwale. Some of the crewmembers complain amongst themselves. Morgan looks up at the sky.]*

**Morgan:** Maybe a lot of it *is* still the same. It rained like this back then too. It's weird though, why have we been sleeping like normal?

**Simon:** Are you talking about the dreams you had?

**Morgan:** Yeah. By now, the lot of us would be seriously depressed, but here we are, talking and enjoying ourselves while we dreamt of normal dreams. Some of the crew members are even having a lovely nap. Why is that?

**Simon:** It's probably—

*[A wave interrupts Simon, crashing against the ship as it splashes water over the gunwale. From nearby, Davey approaches the two of them. Morgan turns to face Davey, while Simon averts his eyes slightly, looking toward the sea.]*

**Morgan:** Cap, I thought you were manning the ship.

**Davey:** I'm on my break. One of Simon's guys took it over for me.

**Morgan:** I see.

**Davey:** Morgan, we need to talk.

**Morgan:** Is it about the whale?

**Davey:** No. I've moved on from that. It's about this trip. Why did you bring me back?

**Morgan:** I didn't—

*[Morgan stops himself. He glances at Simon then looks back at Davey.]*

**Morgan:** I wanted to apologize.

**Davey:** For what? You could've apologized at my home.

**Morgan:** Still as pragmatic as ever. Isn't it more fun this way? It suits us more, don't you think?

**Davey:** I'm not a sailor anymore, Morgan.

**Morgan:** Back there, you're not. But here, you are. You're a sailor at heart, Davey. I know that better than anyone else.

**Davey:** I know me better than anyone else. Back to the point: what are you apologizing for?

*[Morgan stammers slightly.]*

**Morgan:** For everything.

*[Davey frowns, crossing his arms.]*

**Davey:** What *is* everything, Morgan? I still don't know what you're talking about.

**Morgan:** I'm talking about everything that happened until now, isn't that obvious? I avoided you and holed myself up ever since we met the whale. I'm apologizing for that.

**Davey:** Is that all? Just holing yourself up in your ship because of that damn whale? What about everything else? About Roan and the rest of the crew, and how you stopped everyone from trying to bring Roan back on the deck. Have you even *considered* the rest of the crew about this?

**Morgan:** Of course I did, Cap! But everytime I try to explain to them they call me insane—

**Davey:** I came here because you said you needed me, not to hear your pointless flattery about your grand mistake. And speaking of which, I haven't seen any of the old crewmembers on here anyway. Who woulda thought you'd get yourself a new crew right after disbanding the old one, eh?

**Morgan:** You're wrong! That's not what I meant! The old crew just wouldn't—!

**Davey:** I don't care about that anymore, Morgan. If that's all you wanted to say, then just forget it. I came here on my own whim, not because I believed in meeting that damn whale again. From the looks of it, you don't even know what you're doing.

*[Davey turns around, walking away. The rain falls harder and harder as the waves grow bigger in size, crashing against the boat. By now, the deck begins swaying, and any loose material left on the floor starts moving with the boat. Thunder can be heard crashing down. Morgan yells at Davey as he walks away.]*

**Morgan:** What do you know, Cap?! You holed yourself in your home like I did after we met the whale! Haven't you considered that?!

*[Davey stops moving and faces Morgan again, yelling back.]*

**Davey:** We're *different*, you and I! You need to face the truth, Morgan! Roan is gone! Dead! And finding that damn whale isn't gonna do anything about it!

**Morgan:** You're wrong, Cap! Finding the whale *will* do something about it! If the whale's still out there, then Roan is too! If the whale's still out there, then Roan is too! If he wasn't, then we wouldn't even be dreaming in the first place!

**Davey:** You damn—! What do you know for sitting on your ass all day! If Roan really *was* alive then he'd be right here beside us!

**Morgan:** But he's not, and that's why we need to find the whale! Face it, Cap, we *still* have a chance! All we need to do is find it and bring him back! Why don't you understand me?!

**Davey:** I've never gotten that chance, Morgan! Ever since Roan left you've only been talking about the whale! I act this way because you need it! You *need* someone to set you straight so nothing worse continues to happen! That's why—!

*[Suddenly, a large wave crashes on the boat, causing it to sway heavily as the crew holds on for leverage. Simon and Morgan hold on to the gunwale, and Davey holds on to a nearby pillar. SCP-8302's sonic signature can be heard echoing in the background and the storm grows increasingly intense.]*

**Simon:** Sorry to burst your bubble, but it looks like we've found it!

*[At this point, the cameras begin malfunctioning, and the sky abruptly changes in colour. The ship is covered with the glow of the cosmic sky, and the waters reflect the ocean of stars. The rain, which remains intense, appears to fall from another sea far above the ship. The ship attempts to circumvent the heavy storm through sudden changes in direction but continues to sway heavily. Eventually, the ship is lifted an insurmountable amount by a sudden wave and another sonic signature can be heard in the background. As it passes the wave, the ship begins falling from the sky toward the water.]*

**Simon:** Holy fuck!

**Davey:** Brace for impact!

*[The cameras malfunction as the ship falls to the sea. However, the sound of impact can be heard as the noises of water splash against the deck. Connection to the feed is abruptly cut.]*

**[CONTACT LOST]**

---

**{{Addendum 8302-7}}**

The Acceptance

---

Although contact was lost temporarily during the first contact with SCP-8302, connection with the crew was quickly re-established through the use of the OBES. Following the storm, Melville Crew's efforts were quickly directed toward the repairs of the ship and the relocation of SCP-8302, as well as the development of research into the noosphere.

**The Noosphere (Cosmic Sea)**

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=120

|float=true

|align=right

|width=45%

|url=http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8302/cosmic_sea.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=The Cosmic Sea. Each light represents a sphere of human thought.

]]

The noosphere, known informally by some as the "Cosmic Sea", is the interdimensional manifestation of human thought. It is built upon the sum total of every thought that a human brain could possess, and manifested as the collection of conscious or subconscious thoughts that any individual could ever conceive.

The noosphere is most typically represented as an environment akin to the cosmic sky (hence the name "Cosmic Sea"), but its minor details can be subject to personal interpretation. Currently, it is believed that there is an innumerable amount of anomalistic creatures residing within the noosphere, however, there are only a few confirmed existences known by the Foundation.

Given the current information about SCP-8302, it is highly probable that SCP-8302 itself is a manifestation of Yakutat Bay's subconscious thoughts on sailing.

During this time, Head Researcher Simon Wells engaged in a personal conversation with Captain Davey Leif, the contents of which reflected on the most recent disagreement with the latter and Morgan Harper. Because the ship's cameras were damaged upon entry into the noosphere, the conversation was recorded on Wells' bodycam.

@@ @@

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Involved Individuals:**

* Simon Wells

* Davey Leif

**Location:** The Cosmic Sea

**Foreword:** This footage was taken a few hours after the events of Addendum 8302-6.

---

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=120

|float=true

|align=right

|width=45%

|url=http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8302/captain%27s_room.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=The captain's room prior to departure.

]]

*[Davey is sitting on his chair in silence, watching the wheel while the ship stays suspended. The glow from the cosmic sea shines through the glass window, illuminating the interior of the room. Simon closes the room's door shut before he stands next to Davey, leaning against a nearby counter. Davey sighs.]*

**Davey:** Do you need anything?

**Simon:** Not really. I just thought you might've needed somebody to talk to.

**Davey:** Everything's fine now. You don't need to worry about me. Go check up on Morgan instead. I'll man the ship.

**Simon:** Morgan's all holed up in his room. It's gonna be impossible to talk to him in that state. 

**Davey:** And you thought of talking to me instead?

**Simon:** That's right. Was that bad?

**Davey:** Some meddlesome fellow you are.

*[Davey turns his chair to face Simon. He grunts.]*

**Simon:** Davey, what are you so afraid of?

*[Davey pauses for a few seconds before responding.]*

**Davey:** I'm not afraid.

**Simon:** Okay, maybe you're not afraid, but anxious instead. What about the whale makes you nervous? Is it about Roan, or is it the whale itself?

**Davey:** *[Sighing.]* It's... both.

**Simon:** Both? What do you mean?

**Davey:** Both the whale and Roan... and me too, Simon. *[Pauses.]* I'm scared, scared to face the whale again.

**Simon:** Davey, I think that's a completely normal fear to have. I can't speak for you, since I've only gotten to know you recently, but you're not the only one who feels that way.

*[Davey groans, resting his forehead on his hand.]*

**Davey:**  Yeah, but... when I think about meeting it for the second time... I just lose it. I don't become reliable anymore. I know I've said that there's no way Roan would still be alive, but that's just me convincing myself to face the truth.

**Simon:** Davey—

**Davey:** Back then, I didn't do my job properly. I fought with Roan, pushed him away, and I suffered the consequences. We were longtime crewmates, but back then all that I could think about *wasn't* Roan, it was the whale. I didn't give a rat's ass about what would happen to him then, and because of that... he was taken away.

*[Silence.]*

**Davey:** And that's the truth. That's what scares me. The fact that I know this, all of it, and I push it away so that I can see another day is what haunts me. Simon, I'm scared. What if he's *really* alive and out there, and we manage to bring him back? What will he say to me then? Can I still be a captain, then? Do I really deserve to be his captain?

*[Simon nods, waiting a few moments before responding.]*

**Simon:** You said it yourself a few hours ago, Davey. You're the captain because the crew needs it. You stepped up to fill that role when nobody couldn't, and that's already the quality that a captain deserves. Even to this day, Morgan still recognizes you as the captain, isn't that enough?

**Davey:** That's not enough, Simon. That was just me trying to fit a role that nobody could play, and in the end it bit me in the back, all because of one mistake.

**Simon:** Everybody makes mistakes, Davey. It's in their nature. There is no perfect person in the world, nor is there a perfect voyage. Everything always has its differences, doesn't it? And the fact that you're able to overcome those already makes you the best fit for a captain.

*[Davey remains silent.]*

**Simon:** Morgan may have said you failed your job, directly or indirectly, but isn't that fine? A captain's job is to overcome mistakes; if there weren't any mistakes, then what job would a captain have?

**Davey:** I see.

**Simon:** You're old, Davey, and a lot of time has passed since your last trip, but don't let that haunt you for the rest of your life. You've got so much more time to fix your mistakes, and that's the beauty of it.

*[Silence.]*

**Simon:** So get out there and do your thing! Without a captain, this ship wouldn't even be moving. Hell, we might not have been out here in the first place. If you want to take up that mantle for the second time, now's your chance. Set the record straight and bring back Roan for the old crew. How's that sound, Cap?

*[Davey stays silent for a few moments, before standing up from his chair. He looks out to the cosmic sea before extending his hand toward Simon.]*

**Davey:** Simon, you know, you make a great therapist.

**Simon:** *[Chuckling.]* I guess so.

*[After shaking Simon's hand, Davey approaches a nearby terminal and activates the ship-wide intercom. A small jingle is heard from the speakers before Davey's voice echoes throughout the ship.]*

**Davey:** Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. From now on, all efforts will be spent toward the repairs of the ship's hull, and once ready, we will be immediately setting sail for the dreaming whale. Be ready at a moment's notice, because I will *not* be warning you when the ship starts moving. Thank you.

*[The intercom switches off.]*

---

**{{Addendum 8302-8}}**

The Reflection

---

Due to the immeasurable expanse of the noosphere, attempts at locating SCP-8302 could not be done normally. As such, the Melville Crew relied on the prototypical issues of the MLI."The Memeplex Level Indicator, or MLI for short, is a Foundation-issued device which allows an individual to measure the memeplex levels of an area of interest, relative to its surroundings." (Peter, B. Vogel., et al. (2013) *Foundation-issued Devices Anthology*. Foundation Press.) Additionally, assistance would also be provided externally via the Department of Interdimensional Stability's involvement in monitoring the crew's OBE state.

Shortly after Head Researcher Simon Wells' conversation with Davey Leif, Wells was instructed to oversee the reparations on Hermann's hull. During this time, Wells would end up engaging in a conversation with Morgan Harper. The following is a transcription of this event.

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Involved Individuals:**

* Simon Wells

* Morgan Harper

**Location:** The Cosmic Sea

**Foreword:** N/A.

---

*[Simon is leaning over a railing within the ship's interior, watching the progress of the repairs. Metal clanging against each other echoes through the room, accompanied by the conversations of other crewmembers. Approaching Simon from behind is Morgan, who is holding documents and several notes in his hands. He calls out to Simon.]*

**Morgan:** Simon, sorry I've been out. I heard you came by my room.

**Simon:** Yeah, I needed to ask you some questions.

*[Simon scans over Morgan, before glancing at the documents in his hand.]*

**Simon:** I thought I'd hear you out after your argument with Davey, but... it looks like you're just fine. 

**Morgan:** Yeah, don't worry about me. I'm already past that since we've got bigger issues at hand. Listen, I was doing some research since then and—

**Simon:** Morgan, answer me honestly. Why are you going so far to see the whale? I just want to know what's going through your head.

**Morgan:** What do you mean?

**Simon:** I'm being serious here. I mean, for the last few months all you've been doing is research, something that's completely out of your field of expertise, and even now, you're still trying to research the whale. Isn't it a bit insane?

*[Morgan stares at Simon.]*

**Morgan:** I don't get it, Simon. Why *wouldn't* you try to find the whale again?

**Simon:** What? What do you mean by that?

**Morgan:** I mean, isn't it normal? Everyone else in town feels the same way, those who've seen the whale at least. They can understand what I'm trying to do and why I do it.

**Simon:** No, it's not normal. I don't even know what you're trying to get at, Morgan. You haven't answered my question at all. Why are you trying so hard?

**Morgan:** Simon, I— I don't know how else to explain it to you. It's just *normal* for me to try and find the whale. It's like a sailor's calling... like you and your research. I just *do* it. It's natural for me now. It's been natural for me since I met the whale. 

**Simon:** Is that why you're going so far? Not for Roan, or for Davey, but for yourself? All because you met a whale one day?

**Morgan:** I— I guess so. I mean, maybe it's what drives me to go back to sea, or it's what drives me to go voyaging with Cap, but I know for sure that's what it is.

*[Simon frowns.]*

**Simon:** Morgan, just— It's not normal. At least, to me, it isn't. Maybe it's because I haven't *seen* the whale you're talking about yet, but I just can't get behind what you're saying.

*[Morgan scratches his head.]*

**Morgan:** I don't know how else to explain it to you, Simon. I keep telling you, that's not what it is. It's just something that's part of my daily life, to find the whale again. You and Cap might've called me obsessed, but you can't deny that without me, you'd never find the whale.

**Simon:** Morgan, it's not *about* finding the whale. It's about *you*. You need to realize this—the whale *ruined* your life. It's all you ever think about.

**Morgan:** No— No, that's where you're wrong, Simon. Didn't you feel it? That thrill and excitement you got from seeing the whale? Because that's what gets us sailors going—it's why we're on the sea!

**Simon:** No, I don't get it. I didn't watch you and Davey argue just to get an unclear answer. That's not how I do things.

*[Simon pushes himself off the railing.]*

**Simon:** I don't know how else to say it, Morgan, but from what *I* can see, the whale's all you ever think about.

*[Morgan frowns.]*

**Morgan:** That can't be right. 'Cause everyone who's seen the whale feels the same way, even if they never showed it. My life isn't ruined. It's never been ruined. It's always been the same. Right?

*[Morgan forcibly pushes over the documents in his hand to Simon.]*

**Morgan:** Simon, you gotta believe me. All I've ever done is try to meet it again, and *you're* the one who let me do that. We're both out here for the whale, aren't we? Doesn't that make us the same? We're like two birds of a feather who've flocked together.

**Simon:** Morgan, I haven't felt a *single*—

**Morgan:** No, don't say anything anymore, Simon. I don't want to hear it. I can't hear it.

*[Morgan glances back, toward the nearest exit to the next floor.]*

**Morgan:** I've— I've gotta get going now, but it was nice talking to you. I've gotta go apologize to Cap, now that you mention it, and I need to get started on the ship's repairs. Look, I'll see you later, bud.

*[Simon frowns, watching as Morgan walks away. He leans back on the railing as he flips over the documents, which contained several personal notes taken by Morgan recently. The papers detail several scientific observations, all of which lead to one of Morgan's personal conclusions. Just as Morgan exits, Simon yells back.]*

**Simon:** Morgan, are you sure that's what you want?!

*[Morgan pauses for a second, then leaves.]*

Following Wells' conversation with Harper, Wells quickly compiled the list of documents given to him in one conclusive report. What follows is a document which summarizes the contents of both Wells and Harper's research.

### The Conditions of SCP-8302

---

Although can be assumed that the influence of SCP-8302 affects only sailors within Yakutat Bay, the conditions for an individual to witness it remain unclear. However, based on the current evidence at hand, it is possible to narrow the conditions to a specific set of rules.

* The individual must be currently within the Alaskan Gulf, with the intent of witnessing SCP-8302.

* The individual must be within SCP-8302's approximate location during the hours of 20:00 PM - 24:00 PM PST.

* The individual must be free of conscious influence.

* The individual must be capable of dreaming.

Should all four conditions be met, the likelihood of witnessing SCP-8302 is approximately 80%. This results in the individual being transferred into the noosphere.

However, based on the currently available information, there are no known methods of exiting the noosphere without any casualties, assuming that the individual witnesses SCP-8302. To date, the only individuals who have escaped the noosphere appear to have suffered a missing crewmate, most of which have been described to be "swallowed" by SCP-8302.

Despite this, it can be reasonably assumed and concluded, that by neutralizing SCP-8302, all those affected by its influence will be transferred back to baseline reality. This, however, must be done should there be no other methods of escape.

---

**{{Addendum 8302-9}}**

The Whale

---

The Melville Crew's Hermann would finish repairs after approximately eight hours, at which point the expedition would resume. Using the prototypical issue of the MLI, Head Researcher Simon Wells would be responsible for locating SCP-8302's approximate location. This would result in the Melville Crew's second encounter with SCP-8302, the events of which have been recorded below.

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Involved Individuals:**

* Simon Wells

* Davey Leif

* Morgan Harper

* MTF υ-2 ("Seafarers")

* Melville Crewmembers

**Location:** The Cosmic Sea

**Foreword:** N/A.

---

*[The time is currently unknown. In the near distance, a cosmic storm can be seen growing closer as the ship approaches it. Blurred sounds of rain and thunder are heard from the storm while the waves nearby vary in height, despite appearing to be equally intense; the cosmic sky, while blocked by what appears to be an imitation of the regular ocean, reflects off the cosmic waves, pushing the individual nodes of light into different directions. Some of these spherical lights merge together, while others bounce off each other, pushed by other cosmic waves.]*

*[Currently, Simon is leaning over the ship's gunwale while watching the values of the MLI fluctuate in the direction of the cosmic storm. The MLI, similar in appearance to a handheld Geiger counter, picks up an intense concentration of memeplexes while the needle in its center rapidly vibrates between each side. Leaving the MLI strapped to his chest pocket, Simon watches as the storm grows closer. Morgan approaches Simon and leans on the gunwale, next to him.]*

**Morgan:** The storm's a beauty, isn't it?

**Simon:** Yeah.

**Morgan:** Still thinking about me?

**Simon:** Kind of. I just can't understand what's going on in your head. *[He pauses.]* Though, you make it sound like we're star-crossed lovers.

*[Morgan laughs.]*

**Morgan:** Good one. It's funny isn't it, us and the whale?

**Simon:** What's funny about it? 

**Morgan:** In a way, we're like star-crossed lovers to it. Meant to last, but never meant to be.

*[Simon remains silent momentarily.]*

**Simon:** Morgan, you know— *[He pauses.]* You might be right. Does that make us the same then?

**Morgan:** You and the whale?

**Simon:** Me and the whale.

*[Morgan groans. He adjusts his position to leaning on his elbows rather than his hands. Sheltering his face from the incoming rain, he responds.]*

**Morgan:** Nah, not really.

**Simon:** Bummer.

*[Silence for a few moments.]*

**Morgan:** You know, Simon, I passed by one of the crewmembers a while ago.

**Simon:** Yeah? Did anything happen?

**Morgan:** Not to me. *[He sighs.]* It's happening all over again, but to this crew instead.

*[Simon shows a pensive expression. He glances at his MLI, the needle fluctuating at a faster pace than before.]*

**Simon:** I'm... not sure what you mean?

**Morgan:** The whale. They were talking about the whale. Some of 'em, at least. I just— I don't know. When I see them like that, it just looks all too familiar.

*[Simon frowns slightly.]*

**Simon:** It's probably just some nonsense. I mean, we haven't even seen the whale yet. There's no way anything would happen. Besides, we haven't had any of the dreams you talked about yet, right?

**Morgan:** I mean, yeah. But now it's different. I don't know— I just can't put my finger on it.

*[The intercom's familiar jingle echoes through the entire ship. Davey's voice is heard.]*

**Davey:** Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We are now entering the cosmic storm. Brace yourself for rough waves.

*[Immediately after the ship fully enters the area of the cosmic storm, the MLI strapped on Simon's pocket begins beeping. Simon takes out the MLI, watching as the needle fluctuates between 400-500 Humes, but quickly straps it back in his pocket when rough waves begin crashing on the boat. The ship sways from left to right as its direction changes according to incoming waves. Blurred sounds of rain and thunder grow louder in volume as the water occasionally splashes on the deck scattering around nodes of light. The MLI does not stop beeping.]*

*[Both Morgan and Simon hold on to the gunwale of the ship while the ship sways violently.]*

**Morgan:** Simon, does that thing ever shut up?!

**Simon:** It's a prototype, so I'm afraid not! My colleagues haven't gotten a chance to field-test it yet!

**Morgan:** I don't feel comfortable knowing this is the first time you're using that thing!

**Simon:** Well, you're in luck because I don't either!

*[Morgan groans, before noticing the water continuing to build from the rain. Panicked, he starts directing his attention to the remaining crewmembers.]*

**Morgan:** Those of you on the deck, I need you to start clearing the water on the ship! We can't risk any extra weight!

*[Immediately, those who are free begin to clear the deck of rainwater. By now, the crew's vision is severely limited due to the thunder and the amount of rain. Thunder occasionally strikes the deck.]*

**Simon:** There's the Vice Captain doing his work!

**Morgan:** I'm just a normal sailor, Simon!

*[In the distance SCP-8302's sonic signature can be heard, and despite vision being severely limited, light from the cosmic sky begins to pierce through the storm. The deck is slightly illuminated in a red glow as thunder continues to strike the deck. Rainwater continues building up as more crewmembers step out on deck to help assist in reducing the incoming weight.]*

*[The ship continues to turn drastically to compensate for the intense waves, and Morgan carefully steps toward one of the ship's harpoon cannons. Simon follows Morgan, using his eyes as a shield against the heavy rainwater, and yells at him.]*

**Simon:** Morgan! What are you doing?!

**Morgan:** I'm getting ready to meet the whale!

*[Morgan laughs.]*

**Morgan:** God, this is it, isn't it?! I finally get the chance to see it after ten months!

**Simon:** You're being too hasty, Morgan! We haven't even seen it yet!

*[Morgan grips the trigger on the harpoon cannon, the size of which is large enough to cover his entire body. He squints his eyes slightly as he watches the rough waves. Seawater splashes against the tip of the cannon as it covers his entire body. Surprisingly, he isn't wet. He continues laughing.]*

**Morgan:** Hearing it is enough for me to know it's nearby! I've failed to capture this thing twice! I can't let this chance slip by!

**Simon:** I understand how you feel, but being too hasty will may cost us major losses! I need you to be patient!

*[Simon grabs onto Morgan's shoulder with his right hand while the other is holding on to the harpoon cannon. Water splashes over the both of them as they watch through the harpoon cannon's built-in camera. Again, SCP-8302's sonic signature is heard, however this time it sounds louder and far more violent.]*

**Morgan:** That's something I lost a long time ago, Simon!

*[The ship sways violently to the left. Simon slips, losing his grip on Morgan as he falls toward the gunwale. Leveraging his body weight using his free hand, Simon pulls himself back up by pushing against the corner of the gunwale with his feet.]*

[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:image-features-source">:scp-wiki:component:image-features-source</a> |hover-enlarge=--]

|enlarge-amount=7

|speed=120

|float=true

|align=right

|width=45%

|url=http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/local--files/scp-8302/eye_of_the_storm.jpg

|add-caption=true

|caption=Picture of the eye of the storm.

]]

*[By now, the red glow has covered the entire front deck of the ship while the storm continues striking down. Illuminated by the red glow, Simon adjusts to the new light, only to notice that the ship has begun entering the eye of the storm. Realizing this, Simon takes out the MLI strapped by his chest, watching as the counter flickers from 600-700 Humes, only to spike to 850 Humes. Panicking, Simon yells out to the crewmembers who are still cleaning the deck.]*

**Simon:** Brace for impact!

*[Suddenly, the ship is impacted with enough force to push it several meters to the right, large amounts of water splashing it over the deck. Many of the crewmembers hold on to nearby structures, while the less fortunate fall into the cosmic sea. As the ship violently turns to the left, the bow appears to lodge itself against the water, turning the rest of the body to compensate for the sudden stop. At impact, SCP-8302 lets out another sonic signature, before its head, which alone is larger than the ship itself, shoots past the boat.]*

*[Witnessing this, Morgan laughs manically as he aims the harpoon cannon. Simon panics.]*

**Simon:** Morgan! I'm serious, you're just going to make things worse! Wait for the rest of the crew!

**Morgan:** I'm sorry, Simon! If things turn for the worse, then let it be! I'm gonna kill this thing and get it over with!

**Simon:** You'll *what?!*

*[Upon pushing the trigger, a massive harpoon bolt flies out of its chamber. The bolt looks as if it bends in reality, shooting toward SCP-8302 at unprecedented speeds. Immediately, the harpoon lodges itself right into it, which causes it to let out a deafening cry.]*

*[Nearby water is pushed outward in a circular motion, originating from SCP-8302, and the currently pouring rainwater is violently shoved aside, splashing nearby Simon and nearby crewmembers. For a moment, the storm appears to calm itself, before the large, blue light at its center glows brightly in response to SCP-8302, and thunder begins violently striking down next to the deck.]*

*[Groaning, Simon glances at Morgan as he loads another harpoon shot into the cannon, before turning to the rest of the crewmembers.]*

**Simon:** You guys! Divide the work evenly amongst yourselves between cleaning the rainwater and manning the harpoon cannons. The whale is here!

*[In response, half of the current crewmembers start manning the harpoon cannons. Just as this happens, the MLI counter strapped on Simon's chest beeps violently.]*

*[Suddenly, the ship is impacted again, and some of the crewmembers manning the harpoon cannons slip, either catching onto a nearby structure or falling off the deck. Looking through the cannon's built-in camera, Morgan turns the cannon to find a vulnerable spot. However, SCP-8302 suddenly jumps out of the water, grazing the ship just enough for it to shake it violently.]*

**Morgan:** Stop moving around and stay still for once! Fuck—! 

*[Nearby debris lands right onto Morgan's hip. Morgan groans, before shooting another bolt at SCP-8302, which lands directly into its eye. SCP-8302 lets out another deafening shriek as the remaining crewmembers shoot extra bolts at its body. Again, the storm appears to calm itself slightly, before it returns to normal in response to the blue light's pulse; it now appears visibly weaker.]*

*[Preparing for one more shot, Morgan loads another bolt into the cannon. During this time, SCP-8302 retreats back into the water as it attempts to run away. Despite the damage dealt to the hull, the ship continues pursuing SCP-8302 intensely, keeping up with it in spite of its immense size. Additionally, the storm continues to move along with SCP-8302, illuminating the deck enough to maintain visibility.]*

**Morgan:** *[Laughing violently.]* God! This really *is* it! You know Simon, you were right!

**Simon:** Right about what?!

**Morgan:** About the entire thing!

*[Attempting to retreat, SCP-8302 lets out another sonic signature, the eye of the storm reflecting its cry. Water splashes over the deck once more, bouncing off Morgan's body. In the midst of pursuit, the ship suddenly sways to the right, turning drastically to compensate for a wave created by SCP-8302, causing Simon to lose grip at the unexpected wave.]*

**Simon:** Again—! *[Grunting.]* I don't see what you're getting at!

*[However, the MLI strapped to Simon's chest beeps violently once more, as SCP-8302's sonic signature pierces the crew's ears. Simon yells at the crewmembers.]*

**Simon:** Something's coming—!

*[There, a large wave crashes over the deck, completely blurring all vision across the ship. Simon grabs onto the ship's gunwale as he is pulled by the wave's current, kicking against the water and occasionally hitting debris or other crewmembers. As the water clears up, most of the crewmembers cannot be seen, either having been swept away by the current, or gone into hiding. The rest of the crewmembers appear to have taken shelter using the harpoon cannon, and quickly get back into their positions.]*

**Simon:** Shit! Morgan, are you alright?!

**Morgan:** I'm fine—! You know, I thought about it after I left!

**Simon:** Are you talking about a few hours ago?!

**Morgan:** That's right!

*[Suddenly, the usual blue light cannot be seen illuminating the deck, and visibility once again remains poor. Simon panics, shielding his eyes against the raindrops as he looks around.]*

**Simon:** Fuck! What happened to the light?!

*[In the distance, Morgan can be heard laughing as he yells to Simon.]*

**Morgan:** It's being blocked by the whale!

*[In response, Simon looks toward the direction of Morgan's voice, only to notice that a large shadow overcasts the deck. Simon looks up, seeing SCP-8302 cover the eye of the storm as it jumps out of the water. Splashing back down, SCP-8302 generates several other waves which impair the crew's visibility. However, having flipped its body, SCP-8302 attempts to cover its remaining eye by retreating under the waves of the water.]*

**Morgan:** It makes sense now, Simon! It all makes sense! The whale fucked up my entire life! That's why I can't stop thinking about it!

*[Morgan laughs violently. Noticing this, Simon quickly runs toward a nearby harpoon, slipping on the deck once before he reaches the armed cannon. He looks into the harpoon's built-in camera, frantically moving the harpoon around before he notices the SCP-8302's tail exposed out of the water. Taking a deep breath, Simon aims the harpoon at SCP-8302's tail and takes a shot, piercing straight through it as it lets out another cry.]*

**Simon:** Morgan, I shot it already! Just let it go!

*[Instinctively, SCP-8302 jumps out of the water, and Morgan aims slightly ahead of the whale to compensate for the distance.]*

**Morgan:** Fucking whale! I'll finally be done with you! 

*[Taking a deep breath, he aims at SCP-8302's remaining eye, before taking the shot, which pierces through the eye and out toward the other harpoon. As SCP-8302 cries out, the edge of the cosmic storm can be seen from the hole created by the harpoon shots, before being blurred by the water as it lands. Soon after, the MLI strapped on Simon's chest stops beeping, and the storm fades away.]*

*[Both Morgan and Simon collapse on the ground, breathing heavily. Now, the waves are completely still, and SCP-8302's body slowly disintegrates into several spherical nodes of light, all of which flow back into the sea. Eventually, the entirety of SCP-8302's body fades away, revealing several unconscious individuals, now floating in the sea. Noticing this, Morgan lets out a sigh.]*

**Morgan:** It's done. I finally killed it for good.

*[Morgan looks at the now empty spot where SCP-8302 disappeared. He sits in silence for a few minutes, before frowning. Noticing this, Simon approaches Morgan, placing his hand on his shoulder.]*

**Simon:** Morgan, it's over.

*[Silence.]*

**Simon:** Morgan?

*[Silence.]*

**Simon:** Morgan, what's wrong? Weren't you waiting for this for the past year? Why're you all quiet now?

*[Stammering, Morgan faces Simon. His expression appears desolate although his breathing is completely normal. Morgan grips his hands, scratching the floor of the deck as he does so. He responds.]*

**Morgan:** Simon, I killed the whale.

**Simon:** You did.

**Morgan:** I did... I did, but— but why don't I feel anything?

---

**{{Addendum 8302-10}}**

The Normal

---

As a result of the Melville Crew's expedition into the noosphere, a total of 139 casualties were found of the 500 who took part. Of the 139 casualties, 52 individuals were presumed to have been missing within the noosphere, and the remaining suffered damage from repetitive blunt trauma.

However, Head Researcher Simon Wells, confused at Morgan Harper's sudden confession, conducted one final interview, held within Site-251's headquarters. The following is a transcription of this event.

= **VIDEO LOG**

---

**Involved Individuals:**

* Simon Wells

* Morgan Harper

**Location:** Site-251

**Foreword:** N/A.

---

**Simon:** Morgan, what did you mean back there on the ship?

*[Morgan and Simon both sit across from each other at a white table, the former appearing uninterested and the latter frowning. Beside each of them is a cup of coffee, which appears to have been recently brewed.]*

**Morgan:** What do you mean?

**Simon:** You know what I mean. You can't just say "you don't feel anything".

**Morgan:** But I didn't feel anything. I didn't get anything out of it, Simon.

**Simon:** No, that can't be right—working nonstop for ten months as to kill a single whale, and the best you can do is say "I didn't get anything out of it"?

**Morgan:** I'm not joking around. And I wasn't a *normal* sailor. I was obsessed.

**Simon:** No, no, no. Morgan, what I'm saying is I think you *were* right back then. That's the normal response any sailor would've had. I mean, that's what you said yourself, right?

*[Morgan frowns.]*

**Morgan:** I was wrong. I killed the whale and I didn't get anything out of it. Now, I'm realizing just how stupid I was.

*[Morgan glances at a nearby clock in the room.]*

**Simon:** No, Morgan. I don't know how many times I have to say it, but—

**Morgan:** Simon, I'm sorry, but can I go now? I'm sure you need to complete your research, but there are a lot of things I have to do. I need to apologize to everyone, to Roan, and I'm afraid the longer it takes the harder it will get.

**Simon:** Morgan, don't be like this! You're not making *any* sense anymore. What about the whale? And my research? Can you just humour me these next few minutes?

*[Morgan stands up, pushing the chair away from the table.]*

**Morgan:** Sorry, Simon. I don't have that time right now. Maybe later?

**Simon:** Morgan, please— Trust me when I say this, but there *won't* be a later! It'll only take a few—

**Morgan:** Another time. We could talk about it on the boat.

*[Morgan walks toward the exit of the room. The door creaks as it opens.]*

**Simon:** Seriously, Morgan. My work isn't—

**Morgan:** Sorry.

*[The door closes, and the room fills with silence as Simon is left sitting in the room, frustrated.]*

---

**{{Addendum 8302-11}}**

The Obsession

---

Despite Project MELVILLE's expedition ending in SCP-8302's neutralization, its effects have uncovered further possibilities of oneiric and interplanar studies and have resolved the ongoing issues occurring within Yakutat Bay. Additionally, while individuals Morgan Harper and Davey Leif were given an offer to work within the Foundation after the expedition, both would ultimately refuse, expressing interest in returning to their normal life; they would both be amnesticized as a result.

Other non-Foundation-related individuals were also amnesticized, which included locals those who have witnessed SCP-8302 prior to Project MELVILLE's expedition.

Following these events, Head Researcher Simon Wells would proceed to pursue studies into the noosphere, using the experiences here as a foundation. Although no research has been finished as of writing, Wells would send a proposal document to the area's Site Director for review. The following is a finalized copy of this work.

RESEARCH PROPOSAL

##46D217|Approved##

December 4th, 2013

Simon Wells

Department of Oneiric Studies

---

**Proposal Statement:** The creation of an independent research team dedicated to noosphere studies.

**Proposal Details:** With the events of SCP-8302 having been concluded, it is possible to see how its oneiric properties go beyond just its previously affected area. As such, in order to understand the properties behind a noospheric anomaly, it is necessary to develop a team dedicated to the research of the noosphere, given its current lack of knowledge. 

Additionally, the creation of an independent research team will assist in preventing future occurrences such as those done to SCP-8302. Funding and official details can be discussed at a later date, however, it is my hope that this view will be understood. After all, those interested in such an independent research team will find that birds of a feather will flock together.

<< [SCP-8301](SCP-8301) | SCP-8302 | [SCP-8303](SCP-8303) >>
