**Item #:** SCP-8896

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Location 8896 has been purchased by the Foundation and closed indefinitely. Surveillance cameras have been installed on-premises to monitor SCP-8896 activity. A safety barrier is placed at Location 8896’s entrance to dissuade public access. The store's window blinds are to be remain drawn.

The location’s convenience store should be operated solely by PoI-8896 during the hours of 00:00 and 05:00 local time. No other lifeforms are permitted inside during this time, as to maintain continued patronage from SCP-8896.

**Description:** SCP-8896 collectively refers to the various entities regularly manifesting at Location 8896, a gas station located on the [REDACTED] freeway, outside the town of Lambar, Kansas, United States. Location 8896 is constructed on a crossroad-point in space time, granting cross-dimensional entities access to and from baseline reality.

Instances of SCP-8896 will usually vary from each other significantly in appearance and biology. All recorded instances have so-far appeared sized for traversing the gas station’s convenience store without damaging the property or its contents. Residue samples taken from instance’s manifestation points show to be extra-dimensional in nature (This residue has proven harmless, and may be cleaned up by PoI-8896). Instances react negatively to the presence of other lifeforms (Barring PoI-8896), by either exiting baseline reality or responding with hostility when threatened.

SCP-8896 instances manifest in-store between the hours of 00:00 and 04:30. Instances will frequent the aisles, before eventually de-manifesting through the surface which they first emerged (Floor, wall, or ceiling). Instances may purchase items in-store, taking such products with them when leaving. PoI-8896 reports that instances used to attempt purchasing items using currency made out of varying unidentified metals. Instances later switched to mundane United States currency upon her request.

Location 8896’s sole nightshift employee was Riley Kenton, a twenty-five year old college graduateArt Psychology who had been employed at the gas station for four years. Ms. Kenton noted SCP-8896 instances manifesting in-store three months into her employment, however this did not concern her. Ms. Kenton remained employed at the store until its shutdown, resulting from an increase in SCP-8896 activity witnessed by locals.

**Interview Log:**

> **Dr. Agnew:** It's just hard to understand.

> 

> **PoI-8896:** What’s there to understand?

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** Everything to be frank.

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Then enlighten me... Frank.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** Ok then. So you worked there for three months?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Right.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** Every nightshift you were alone, correct?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Yeah. There was a junior who showed up for the first week before quitting though.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** And you noticed nothing out of the ordinary during this time?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Outside the usual? No. All I ever did was serve the occasional drunk or chase off the 3am weirdoes that showed up in nothing but shorts and face paint.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** But then you encountered your first instance of SCP-8896, the one you referred to as…

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Mr. Skin fingers? Yeah. The guy with skin too long for his fingers.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** ...And abnormally tall with no face?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Oh Yeah. Sorry. Was thinking of a different guy.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** And how did they behave again?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** They stood in the corner for about an hour silently.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** And then?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Bought some chips. Then they levitated back through the ceiling. Shit was nasty to clean up.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** …Do you see the issue with this situation?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** I mean... to be completely honest I thought that I was hallucinating. I was sleep deprived most of the time when I first began working at that place. Didn’t really get into the knack of things until a few weeks later when I finally landed a permanent placement there. I was just glad to ditch my other job at the factory.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** Any reason you chose a nightshift role?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** College already forced me into becoming a night owl. Figured I'd take advantage of that.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** Hmm, true. But you didn’t report any of the other entities?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** I mean, who'd believed me, anyway? Plus, the manager was too cheap to fit the store with actual surveillance cameras. I think you guys were the first to actually do that. And leaving that ooze behind would've gotten me reprimanded. Got enough of that at my old kitchen job...

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** You weren't panicked? Or even tempted to call the authorities?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** No. I just convinced myself that it was from a combination of fatigue and whatever I’d taken to get through my shift.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** So if I’m to understand, you were convinced that these entities were hallucinations brought on from sleep deprivation and narcotics?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Yeah. Well... partly.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** You’re taking all of this exceptionally calmly.

> 

> **PoI-8896:** What was I supposed to even do? Eventually I accepted that they weren’t hallucinations. But by then I’d served enough of them to know that they weren’t a threat, so I stayed. My only other options were to either get put in a straightjacket or quit. Plus, they started showing up more frequently than before because, well... I think they have social anxiety, and I empathised with what, you know?

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** No.

> 

> **PoI-8896:** All those guys that come into the store aren’t human, but you know when you start to pick up on someone’s mood after spending enough time with them?

> 

> Like the woman with three heads and six shoulders. She seemed pretty shy every time she came in, so I made extra sure to address her politely and quietly. Then there’s the one with eyes growing out of their teeth that always gives me a big smile, so I always smile back.

> 

> Most of them never even purchased anything in-store for the first few months either. Always kept their distance from me. But over time they started buying stuff off the shelves. Then in a few weeks they started using the slurpy machines and taking hot food from the self-service station.

> 

> I think word got out of my stellar customer service and all those ghouls decided that this was a good place to frequent. I assume most stores wouldn’t welcome someone with a horse head and twelve gorilla arms spilling out off their trench coat.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** Have any ever attempted to communicate with you?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Can’t really tell, maybe? Most of them don’t even seem capable of talking. But their grunts and screams seem polite enough. Maybe that’s just how they say “Thank-you”. Most of my social time consists of Discord and browsing random forums...

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** And you’re certain you feel safe in their presence?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** I’ve had to chase off actual cultists before. And at least these guys don’t come in to play Yu-Gi-Oh till 2:00am. None of them come in brandishing an obvious magnum in their holster, either.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** Ok then. Out of curiosity, what do your "customers" primarily purchase?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Takis.

> 

> **Dr. Agnew:** The humans or the anomalies?

> 

> **PoI-8896:** Both.

<< [SCP-8895](SCP-8895) | SCP-8896 | [SCP-8897](SCP-8897) >>
