=====

=====

**Item #:** SCP-8259

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** Under the purview of the Welsh Division of the Department of Folkloristics, SCP-8259 must be monitored at all times to ensure it does not travel too far from the river or into civilisation. SCP-8259 is to be given a regular supply of apples.

**Description:** SCP-8259 is a creature resembling the Afanc of Welsh folklore, currently located within a stretch of the River Conwy near Betws-y-Coed. SCP-8259 has a head–body length of 1.5 m, with a roughly 0.9 m long tail, weighing roughly 100 kg. Its appearance resembles a cross between a beaver and a crocodile. SCP-8259 is capable of speaking in Middle Welsh. Which has been roughly translated in all documentation for ease of readability, primarily due to the majority of Foundation staff being incapable of speaking Welsh. 

**Discovery:** SCP-8259 was first discovered by Researcher Karl Merwin Member of the Department of Folklorists' Welsh Division at Site-33.  and Agent Seren Treadur Second in command of MTF Gallahad-1 ("Knights Of No Table").  in mid 2007 during Operation Druid's Stand. An effort to properly catalogue all Welsh anomalies and folklore to hopefully determine the required intensity of Foundation presence in the country. Concluded in early 2013 with a definitive resolution to continue usual operation without change. 

**<Start Log>**

*Rsr. Merwin can be seen gesturing wildly with one hand and chewing an apple with the other; all while leaning against the trunk of a tree. A hand waves over the screen for a second.*

**Agt. Treadur:** The bodycam is on, sir.

**Rsr. Merwin:** Good.

*Rsr. Merwin tosses the remainder of his apple aside, turns and begins to walk down the footpath. Agt. Treadur sighs before following shortly behind.*

**Agt. Treadur:** What are we looking for today, boss?

**Rsr. Merwin:** Nothing in particular, just checking this stretch of the River Conwy.

**Agt. Treadur:** Alright. Do I need to hide the rifle?

**Rsr. Merwin:** No, we don't want a repeat of last time. 

*Rsr. Merwin points to the scar across his left arm.*

**Rsr. Merwin:** Though we'd probably have gotten an earful if we had shot *the* King Arthur.

**Agt. Treadur:**  I *wish* we shot him. His singing *sucks*.

*Agt. Treadur groans as Rsr. Merwin chuckles.*

**Rsr. Merwin:** Seren, you've gotta cut him some slack, he was dead for a thousand or so years. Not much time to practice when you're in a casket.

**Agt. Treadur:** Karl, have you *heard* him putting lyrics over "In The Hall Of The Mountain King?" It's the worst thing I've ever heard and that's including your performance at last Christmas's karaoke.

**Rsr. Merwin:** Ha! You've got me there.

*Rsr. Merwin exaggeratingly jumps over a branch; Agt. Treadur calmly kicks it away, causing the branch to roll into the water.*

**Agt. Treadur:** Was that really necessary?

**SCP-8259:** Who are you?

**Agt. Treadur:** Huh?!

**Rsr. Merwin:** Shush! Look.

*Rsr. Merwin points to the centre of the river. Agt. Treadur turns and as she does, SCP-8259 rises out of the water slightly, bearing its fangs.*

**Agt. Treadur:** What... is that...?

**Rsr. Merwin:** *(Speaking Welsh)* Well, hello there!

**SCP-8259:** What is that wretched tongue?!

**Agt. Treadur:** It's his shit Welsh.

**Rsr. Merwin:** I only started learning last month, you *jerk*!

**Agt. Merwin:** Let me do the talking.

*Rsr. Merwin groans and steps back as Agt. Merwin steps forward.*

**Agt. Treadur:** *(Speaking Welsh)* What are you?

**SCP-8259:** I shall not answer what you have refused to.

**Agt. Treadur:** *(Speaking Welsh)* Well, me and my buddy here are both hum--

**SCP-8259:** I know that! You imbecile! Who do you work for?!

**Agt. Treadur:** *(Speaking Welsh)* That's classified, sir.

**SCP-8259:** What does that mean exactly?

**Agt. Treadur:** *(Speaking Welsh)* It means I can't tell ya.

**SCP-8259:** Then I shall not tell you a thing. Now be gone!

*SCP-8259 rises out of the water even more and swims closer to shore. Agt. Treadur aims her rifle at the beast.*

**Agt. Treadur:** Sorry, sir, we're going to have to take you--

*SCP-8259 bites off the barrel of the rifle with one easy crunch and starts to chew it on the shoreline. Rsr. Merwin grabs Agt. Treadur's arm and runs back up the path.*

**<End Log>**

**Addendum SCP-8259-1:** A few hours after the above event, Rsr. Merwin and Agt. Treadur met with PoI-2654 ("William Williams Williamson III") A local folklorist.  in hopes to get information on SCP-8259.

**<Start Log>**

*Rsr. Merwin places a small stack of bills on the table and passes it to the lounging PoI-2654.*

**Rsr. Merwin:** Thank you for--

**PoI-2654:** Yeah, yeah. Now get talking, I don't want you in my house for more than an hour.

**Rsr. Merwin:** Alright, well can I show you something?

**PoI-2654:** Ugh, fine.

*Rsr. Merwin places his laptop on the table, logs in, presses play, and turns the device to face PoI-2654. The trio sit in silence as PoI-2654 closely observes Agt. Treadur's bodycam footage. Suddenly, he pauses the video and sighs.*

**PoI-2654:** Of course it's back.

**Agt. Treadur:** Hm?

**PoI-2654:** That's the Afanc.

**Agt. Treadur:** *The* beaver? Sir, there's a good few beavers in the world and this certainly isn't--

**PoI-2654:** It's from Middle Welsh, it doesn't mean what it does now.

*PoI-2654 stands and walks to the opposite end of the room. In one quick motion, the man grabs a book from the shelf, opens it to the hundredth page and places it in front of Rsr. Merwin.*

**PoI-2654:** A long time ago, it was terrorizing this river till it was bound in chains by the townsfolk and slain by Percival.

**Rsr. Merwin:** Of the round table?

**PoI-2654:** Bingo.

**Rsr. Merwin:** But, if it was slain, why is it back?

**PoI-2654:** Read the fucking book, dumbass! Why would I give it to you if I was just gonna explain it out loud?!

**Rsr. Merwin:** Alright! I was just asking.

**PoI-2654:** Have you heard of this thing called THINKING?!

**Rsr. Merwin:** Screw you!

**Agt. Treadur:** Karl, there's no point in arguing, just read it.

**PoI-2654:** See, your girlfriend gets it.

**Agt. Treadur:** I will slit your throat, William.

**PoI-2654:** Point taken, I retract that statement.

*Silence falls over the group as Rsr. Merwin scans the worn pages of the book.*

**Rsr. Merwin:** So... this thing is demonic.

**PoI-2654:** According to some stories, and since the thing is somehow back, I'm inclined to believe it.

**Rsr. Merwin:** Oh, so we all have to do is exorcize it?

**PoI-2654:** Ugh, the church won't speak to me anymore.

**Rsr. Merwin:** Oh, well actually--

**PoI-2654:** I made one mistake! And you know what? I'm proud of it!

**Rsr. Merwin:** Can we get ba--

**PoI-2654:** You want to know what I did?

**Rsr. Merwin:** This isn't re--

**PoI-2654:** I shat on their organ.

**Rsr. Merwin:** ...what?

**PoI-2654:** I really needed to go so I walked up, and cranked out a massive shit all over it.

**Rsr. Merwin:** W-we didn't... need to... know this...

**PoI-2654:** Well, now you do. And that is why we can't just exorcize it.

**Agt. Treadur:** Well then, what do we do?

*Silence.*

**PoI-2654:** Follow me.

*PoI-2654 walks past the duo and exits the house through a back door. After a second of hesitation, Rsr. Merwin and Agt. Treadur follow suit. The trio walk through the forest in silence. PoI-2654 can be seen scratching his neck aggressively every 15 seconds.*

**Rsr. Merwin:** May I ask--

**PoI-2654:** No. We're almost there.

*The group enter a clearing with a small cabin lying roughly 32 metres away.*

**PoI-2654:** We're here. We should get in quickly before the ghouls get ya toes.

**Agt. Treadur:** Ghouls?

**PoI-2654:** Just get in the fucking cabin.

*PoI-2654 points to the cabin and pushes Rsr. Merwin ahead. After a second of hesitation, Rsr. Merwin continues walking towards the cabin, Agt. Treadur close behind. Once the two are both inside the dark cabin, PoI-2654 enters and slams the door shut.*

**PoI-2654:** Welp.

*PoI-2654 pulls a cord coming from the ceiling and the cabin lights up.*

**PoI-2654:** Welcome to my abode. All the shit I have on the Afanc should be on that shelf near the red box.

**Rsr. Merwin:** Oh, thank you.

*Rsr. Merwin smiles and walks to the shelf, scanning it intensly. Agt. Treadur stands at his side, staring at the red box, whose label read "Shitstian".*

**Agt. Treadur:** What is even in this... actually, I don't want to know.

**PoI-2654:** Oh, the Shitstian box? That's just five crucifixes, two bibles, one copy of the Book of Mormon, the hand of the priest who was playing the organ when I shat on it, a vial of holy water and a taxidermy duck.

*Agt. Treadur sighs.*

**Agt. Treadur:** Why are you like this?

**Rsr. Merwin:** Dammit. None of this is useful.

*Rsr. Merwin can be seen returning an exceptionally short tome to the shelf.*

**PoI-2654:** Welp, that's all I've got. Do you want a crucifix? I've got like twelve in storage, and I'm going to steal one later.

**Rsr. Merwin:** No, we'll be fine, just have to go and get app--

**PoI-2654:** Do you want a unicorn chainsaw?

**Rsr. Merwin:** ...Huh?

*From his back pocket, PoI-2654 produces a small chainsaw which resembles a unicorn, where instead of a horn, it has a saw blade.*

**Agt. Treadur:** No thanks.

**PoI-2654:** Your loss.

*PoI-2654 tosses the weapon aside, causing it to lodge into the wall.*

**Rsr. Merwin:** We should--

**Agt. Treadur:** We'll be leaving now.

**PoI-2654:** Good, you guys are no fun.

*The group exit the cabin and return to PoI-2654's home in silence. Once back in the house, Rsr. Merwin collects his laptop and leaves. Before Agt. Treadur can follow, PoI-2654 grabs her arm.*

**PoI-2654:** That thing's a fucking demon. Don't expect things to go down easy.

**Agt. Treadur:** I'm used to those odds.

**PoI-2654:** All I'm saying, if there isn't at least a bunch of lost limbs, God is a shit writer.

*PoI-2654 releases Agt. Treadur, who leaves as he lights a cigarette.* 

**<End Log>**

---

**Afterword:** After Rsr. Merwin and Agt. Treadur left Betws-y-Coed, seven missing person reports were filed in rapid succession. Upon Foundation analysis, all the reports could be reasonably tied to SCP-8259.

**Addendum SCP-8259-2:** The following day, Rsr. Merwin and Agt. Treadur returned with the rest of MTF Gallahad-1 ("Knights Of No Table"). Due to being the only available folklorist in the area, PoI-2654 was contacted and his presence requested. He arrived two minutes late.

**<Start Log>**

*Agt. Treadur's bodycam turns on as PoI-2654 can be seen pointing an accusatory finger at Cpt. Haearnclad.*

**PoI-2654:** --and as I said before, I don't eat Cheerios because they make me high!

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** Sir, I was just asking for you to button up your shirt.

**PoI-2654:** Ugh, *fine*!

*PoI-2654 grumbles as he does so, one of his hands occupied by an unidentifiable red object. Rsr. Merwin steps into view and pats Cpt. Haearnclad's right shoulder who sighs in response.*

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** We're looking for some sort of crocodile beaver blender mix, correct?

**Rsr. Merwin:** Of course we are!

**PoI-2654:** It's called the Afanc.

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** If you know what it is, is there any way for us to at least immobilise it?

**PoI-2654:** Ha! Do we have any fair maidens' laps for it to sit on?

*PoI-2654 laughs manically as Cpt. Haearnclad and Rsr. Merwin glance at eachother before turning to Agt. Treadur.*

**Agt. Treadur:** God no, I ain't letting that thing touch any part of this.

*Agt. Treadur vaguely gestures towards herself. Rsr. Merwin nods in agreement as Cpt. Haearnclad groans.*

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** Guess we're doing this the hard way.

*Cpt. Haearnclad removes the walkie-talkie from his pocket and puts it up to his mouth.*

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** Is everything set up?

*The walkie-talkie spurs to life.*

**Agt. Greenwich:** Yes sir.

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** Eyes on the target?

**Agt. Greenwich:** Yes sir.

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** Good.

*Cpt. Haearnclad returns the device to his pocket and turns to face the footpath down to the river's edge.*

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** Lets get this over with.

*The group walk down the path in relative silence. After roughly two and a half minutes, they arrive at the area at which SCP-8259 was discovered, now guarded by members of MTF Gallahad-1. SCP-8259 can be seen in the top left corner of the screen, floating at the centre of the river. Cpt. Haearnclad once again removes his walkie talkie and whispers into it.*

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** Everyone ready?

**Multiple voices:** *(Whispering)* Yes sir.

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** Alright. 3, 2, 1, GO!

*The view changes quickly as the soldiers jump out of hiding. On the now visible other side of the river, a similar crew of soldiers leap out. On either side, 4 soldiers dash into the river and aim their rifles at the beast, completely encircling SCP-8259. Agt. Treadur stands on a rock next to Rsr. Merwin to give a better view of the event. The beast awakes with a deep growl and starts to turn in place.*

**SCP-8259:** So you have come to kill me.

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** *(Speaking Welsh)* We can do this the easy way or the hard way. We don't want to harm you.

**SCP-8259:** And yet you come with weapons aimed at my head.

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** *(Speaking Welsh)* Stand down.

**SCP-8259:** No.

*SCP-8259 dashes to the line of soldiers on the left side, immediately cutting two in half before spinning around and decapitating the others. It starts to move towards the line of soldiers on the right as PoI-2654 groans.*

**PoI-2654:** Oh screw this.

*PoI-2654 pushes Cpt. Haearnclad back with one hand and tosses a round red object at SCP-8259 with the other. The beast notices immediately and jumps out of the water, catching the object in its mouth before crashing back into the water. The motion is so fast, no-one can respond as the creature swiftly chews and swallows. Unexpectedly, SCP-8259's expression softens.*

**SCP-8259:** What... is this... delicious concoction?

**PoI-2654:** *(Speaking Welsh)* It's called an apple, mate.

**SCP-8259:** Apple...

*SCP-8259 starts to swim in a circle. With every second that passes, it grows faster, eventually reaching Mach 1.*

**SCP-8259:** APPLE! GIVE ME MORE *APPLE*!

*Cpt. Haearnclad hesitates but presses a few buttons on his walkie talkie.*

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** Uh command... how many apples do we have?

*A voice crackles down the line.*

**Rsr. Herman:** Apples?

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** Yes.

**Rsr. Herman:** Alright...

*Loud, rapid typing noises ring out for 8 seconds.*

**Rsr. Herman:** We have like, 50 or so, why?

*Cpt. Haearnclad sighs.*

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** We're gonna need all of them.

*SCP-8259 suddenly lunges out of the water and tackles PoI-2654.*

**SCP-8259:** APPLE, APPLE, APPLE!

**PoI-2654:** Jesus Christ, okay! Take it!

*PoI-2654 attempts to toss another apple into SCP-8259's mouth. SCP-8259 bites down on his wrist. PoI-2654 screams.*

**Cpt. Haearnclad:** And send some medics, we got a man down.

**PoI-2654:** HELP ME ALREADY! YOU MOTHERFU--

**<End Log>**

---

**Afterword:** It took 25 minutes after medical staff arrived for PoI-2654's arm to be removed from SCP-8259's mouth. PoI-2654 has been issued £500 of compensation.

SCP-8259 was granted SCP classification on 2007/5/12. The Site-33 apple orchard is currently under construction.

<< [SCP-8258](SCP-8258) | SCP-8259 | [SCP-8260](SCP-8260) >>
