=====

=====

by [ MasterTman2](mastertman2-s-menagerie)

@@ @@

**Special Containment Procedures:** Embedded Foundation agents are to install speakers around SCP-8135-affected graves. In areas where this is infeasible, embedded agents are to promote instead the idea that the deceased's spirit is able to play music from their life as a way of communicating with the living.As similar beliefs are already widespread, talks are currently underway on having this be the main containment procedure, rather than the backup.

**Description:** SCP-8135 is a phenomenon affecting grave sites of musical artists. 

Approximately 50 years after the death of the artist, SCP-8135 will occur. SCP-8135 will cause the deceased's entire discography to audibly emanate from the grave in reverse chronological order, and with each individual song playing in reverse.

**Addendum 1:**

SCP-8135 was discovered after Dr. Maslov T. Manferd was visiting a local graveyard and passed by an SCP-8135-affected gravestone. After he questioned a nearby groundskeeper, and his response of, "Oh that? That just happens sometimes.", he was brought in for further questioning regarding SCP-8135.

[BEGIN LOG]

*The log opens to the groundskeeper sitting at an interview table, looking anxious. Dr. Manferd enters the room and sits opposite the groundskeeper.*

**Groundskeeper:** You again. What's going on?

**Dr. Manferd:** We just have a few questions for you.

**Groundskeeper:** Am I under arrest?

**Dr. Manferd:** Not technically, but cooperation will make this go much smoother. What do you know about the music playing from the graves?

*The groundskeeper looks visibly calmer.*

**Groundskeeper:** Oh, that? Like I told you before, that just happens sometimes.

**Dr. Manferd:** Do you know why?

**Groundskeeper:** Well, y'know, in life, the music artists, that is, they composed.

**Groundskeeper:** And in death, they decompose.

[END LOG]

<< [SCP-8134](SCP-8134) | SCP-8135 | [SCP-8136](SCP-8136) >>

> **Filename:** Leaning Tombstones.jpg

> **Author:** Rob Holland

> **License:** CC BY-SA 2.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Leaning_Tombstones.jpg)

]
