**SCP-8635:** The Helpful Trucker

**Author:** emmalexandria (Emma Alexandria)

**Image Credits:**

Interstate Map — Nick Nolte, CC0, via Wikimedia Commons (https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Interstate_35_map.png)

**Special Containment Procedures**: SCP-8635 is presently uncontained due to the relatively low-impact nature of the anomaly combined with the significant difficulties containing it would present. Current containment measures are aimed at preventing the spread of the anomaly and minimizing harm to civilian populations.

The I-35 interstate highway between Austin, Texas and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma is to be monitored for anomalous disappearances by Mobile Task Force Omicron-35 ("Road Runners"). In the event of an anomalous disappearance, the affected stretch of the I-35 is to be searched until the remains of SCP-8635-2 are recovered. Depending on the state of the remains, one of cover stories I-35α "Unfortunate Accident,  I-35β "Runaway", or I-35γ "Crazed Murderer" is to be implemented. Any individuals known to have witnessed SCP-8635-1 are to be detained, issued Class-B amnestics, and released.  

Each month one D-Class is to be placed at site I-35GS at 17:00 and instructed to hitchhike.

Foundation agents embedded in the Federal Highway AdministrationResponsible for management of federal highway systems, including the I-35. alongside state and county police are to minimize official reporting and handling of anomalous disappearances caused by SCP-8635. In addition, campaigns against hitchhiking and traveling alone are to be instituted across the southern United States. 

**Description:** SCP-8635 is presently active in the section of the I35 interstate highway between Austin, Texas and Oklahoma City, Oklahoma from 19:00 to 4:00. SCP-8635 affects individuals experiencing a *precursor event*. Presently discovered events are:

* Requiring assistance with transport (e.g. hitchhiking)

* Requiring food and/or water

* Requiring directions to navigate the road system

When an individual experiences a precursor event, SCP-8635-1 may appear to the individual, who is now referred to as SCP-8635-2. SCP-8635-1 is an entity of unknown features operating a red 1970s █████ ███████ semi-truck. SCP-8635-1 will offer the individual assistance with the specific precursor event they are experiencing. For example, it will offer rides to hitchhikers, or offer to take a hungry individual to its "favorite spot".

SCP-8635-2 will experience a strong compulsionNo SCP-8635-2 instance thus far has resisted this compulsion. to accept the offer and enter the semi-truck. Upon entering the truck, any measurement or recording equipment ceases to function. The truck will then move off. If pursued, it will accelerate to a speed greater than its pursuer, even if said speed is impossible for any known semi-truck. Maximum speed has yet to be determined. 

Once out of view, the truck and its occupants will disappear. No SCP-8635-2 instance has been recovered. Approximately 6-18 hours after the disappearance, the remains of the SCP-8635-2 instance will appear along the affected stretch of the I-35. No pattern in the location of these remains has been discovered. Common features include:

* Dismemberment

* Severed tongue, missing eyeballs and/or ears

* Lacerations and bruising, primarily on the torso

* Broken bones, most frequently in the wrist

 

Postmortem examination of SCP-8635-2 remains indicates that the deaths are non-anomalous, most often resulting from internal/external bleeding or suffocation.

The region affected by SCP-8635 has grown since its discoveryPreviously, it only affected the I-35 between Austin and Dallas.. A lack of individuals experiencing precursor events in the area affected by SCP-8635 appears to cause the anomaly to grow. Before this quality was discovered, a period of concerted containment efforts led to the expansion of the affected area.

As of 2025/██/██, SCP-8635 is believed to have been responsible for ███ deaths. 

**History:** SCP-8635 was brought to the attention of the Foundation on 1973/04/12 when a Foundation employee returning home to Waco, Texas from a visit to ████ disappeared. The disappearance was marked as potentially anomalous. A Foundation investigation found that the employee's car had suffered a mechanical problem, and he was attempting to hitchhike home. He was last seen at a gas station outside of Austin which was then acquired by the Foundation and denoted as I-35GS. 

**Addendum 8635.1:** Lack of containment

SCP-8635 is hypothetically containable. However, to do so would require either an excuse for why a perfectly serviceable and direct interstate is being put out of use or a concerted effort to conceal the existence of the interstate and remove it from common knowledge. 

Given that it has only led to the deaths of ██ people since its discovery in 1973, this is simply not worth the effort. Harm reduction efforts are the most reasonable path forward. In addition, we have no way of knowing that the anomaly would not "move" if the I-35 were to be put out of use. As distasteful as it is, one D-class a month is a lower cost than a major interstate.

- Senior Researcher Hayes

**Addendum 8635.2:** Initial Exploration

The following is a log of an initial exploration of the anomaly performed by Agent Matthews. Agent Matthews was equipped with a standard Foundation pistol and radio. He was placed at I-35GS and instructed to hitchhike. If questioned, he was to explain that his car had broken down near Austin, and he needed transport to his home in Dallas.

 
<details>
<summary>+ Exploration Log</summary>

**Exploration Audio Log Transcript**

**Date:** 1973/04/15

**Subject:** SCP-8635

---

[BEGIN LOG]

**Agent Matthews:** I'm at the gas station now. 

**Dr. Hayes:** Alright, great. Start sticking your thumb out and we'll hope something shows up.

**Agent Matthews:** You know I hate hitchhiking. Why'd you have to pick me for this?

**Dr. Hayes:** I told you I'd get you back for you eating my pastrami sub.

**Agent Matthews:** Dick.

*Agent Matthews hitchhikes approximately 40km to the city of Temple, Texas. No notable incidents.*

**Agent Matthews:** I don't think anything is gonna show up. Maybe Dr. █████ just disappeared like normal people do.

**Dr. Hayes:** I'm starting to agree. We can call the exploration off soon. Let's just do one more stretch.

*Approximately 10 minutes pass as Agent Matthews waits outside a gas station.*

**Agent Matthews:** Someone's pulling up now. A semi, looks to be about 10 years old. Hot rod red with no visible branding. Seems like a contractor.

**Dr. Hayes:** Can you describe the driver and license plate?

**SCP-8635-1:** Hey kid, looking cold out there. Need a ride?

*SCP-8635-1's voice displays features of vocal chord irritation similar to that found in smokers.*

**Agent Matthews:** Yeah, my car broke down a ways back. How far can you take me? 

**SCP-8635-1:** I gotta switch to the I-20 by Dallas, but I'm happy to take you that far.

**Agent Matthews:** Dallas is exactly where I need to be.

**Dr. Hayes:** Matthews, you need to give me a description of the driver and the license plate number.

*SCP-8635-1 seemingly takes no notice of the radio.*

**SCP-8635-1:** Hop in, we'll get you there.

*The sound of the truck door opening is heard, and radio contact is lost with Agent Matthews.*

[END LOG]

A search and rescue operation later discovered the body of Agent Matthews partially buried approximately 1.5km west of the I-35 near the town of Lorena, Texas. The remains were missing the left ear, the torso was lacerated, and the tongue was deeply cut. Autopsy report determined death by asphyxiation, with a small amount of water present in the lungs.

</details>

<< [SCP-8634](SCP-8634) | SCP-8635 | [SCP-8636](SCP-8636) >>
