div#header h1 a span {

    font-size: 0px;

}

div#header h1 a:before {

    content: "Site-433";

    color: #eee;

    

}

div#header h2 span {

    font-size:0px;

    padding: 4px;

}

div#header h2:after {

    content: "Anart and Anomalous Media";

    font-weight: bold;

    color: #f0f0c0;

    padding: 19px 0;

    text-shadow: 1px 1px 1px rgba(0, 0, 0, .8);

    white-space: pre;

}

#header {

  background-image: url(http://scp-sandbox-3.wdfiles.com/local--files/harry-blank-7/433.png)

}

**Item #:** SCP-8695

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8695 is hosted within the *SCiPnet* SCP-8695 file. Further copies are stored in USB sticks located within Site-433's Anomalous Media Storage. As entering SCP-8695-1 has been noted to result in a boost to morale, all personnel are welcome to enter SCP-8695-1.

**Description:** SCP-8695 is a single .jpg file entitled **{{*hole.jpg*}}**.

**{{*hole.jpg*}}** consists of a cropped photo surrounded by white space depicting a tunnel lit by fluorescent lights. To the right of the cropped photo is the text "**{{hole...}}**" displayed in Times New Roman font. SCP-8695 appears to be a completely non-anomalous digital file to the average viewer, as there are no visible anomalies regarding the file itself.

SCP-8695's anomalous properties activate when a human subject accelerates rapidly towards the computer screen displaying SCP-8695 whilst focused on imagining they are capable of entering the tunnel depicted.

These actions result in the subject breaching the thin membrane of their computer screen and entering SCP-8695-1, described by visitors as an immensely pleasurable extra-dimensional space in which their greatest sexual fantasies are fulfilled.

Success rates in entering SCP-8695-1 are 99%.This rate increases to 100% if the subject dives towards the computer screen face first.

Personnel reading this file are welcome to attempt to enter SCP-8695-1 below:

@@ @@ @@ @@

 

@@ @@ @@ @@

=====

=====

<< [SCP-8694](SCP-8694) | SCP-8695 | [SCP-8696](SCP-8696) >>
