**Item #:** SCP-8951

**Object Class:** Safe

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8951 is to be stored in a remote location, known only to three select Level Five personnel who have no familial or romantic connections.

By executive order, all SCP-8951 testing is to be permanently discontinued.

By Ethics Committee order, all SCP-8951-1 instances that were produced during testing are to be incinerated. Personnel who were affected by the viewing of SCP-8951-1 instances have been encouraged to forget.

**Description:** SCP-8951 is a standard model Polaroid Land Camera Model J66.

When SCP-8951 is used to take a photograph, it produces either a non-anomalous photograph or an SCP-8951-1 instance.

SCP-8951-1 are photographs produced by SCP-8951 which include depictions of human beings artificially inserted into the scene. Depictions of human beings in SCP-8951-1 instances do not correspond with any actual person, living or dead.

SCP-8951-1 instances have a cognitohazardous effect. Some individuals who view an SCP-8951-1 instance claim to recognize the individual(s) depicted within, but cannot recall any details about them or any memories involving them. Affected individuals are aware of this, which often causes distress. Individuals affected by SCP-8951-1 are often seized by a compulsion to find evidence and records associated with the person or people depicted in the SCP-8951-1 instance they saw, but always fail to do so.

Throughout the 50 years that SCP-8951 has been in Foundation containment, it has never been used to take a photograph of an existing person.

SCP-8951 was discovered on October 7th, 1964, in the house of Andrew Rosen, a physicist and amateur photographer. Rosen committed suicide by hanging after having a particularly severe reaction to an instance of SCP-8951-1, known as SCP-8951-1-Prime.

**Addendum 8951.1:** The following message was found written on the back of SCP-8951-1-Prime:

> It wasn't supposed to do that

> I can't take it back

> I didn't think they would take you

> I'm so sorry

> I can't even remember your names

SCP-8951-1-Prime depicts a middle-aged woman and a young child.

<< [SCP-8950](SCP-8950) | SCP-8951 | [SCP-8952](SCP-8952) >>

> **Filename:** snuff.jpg

> **Name:** Polaroid Land Camera Model J66.jpg

> **Author:** Cburnett

> **License:** CC BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [[[include <a href="http://scp-wiki.wikidot.com/component:license-box-end">:scp-wiki:component:license-box-end</a>](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Polaroid_Land_Camera_Model_J66.jpg])]
