.email-example .collapsible-block-folded a.collapsible-block-link {

    animation: blink 0.8s ease-in-out infinite alternate;

}

@keyframes blink {

    0% { color: transparent; }

    50%, 100% { color: #b01; }

}

.email {border: solid 2px #000000; width: 88%; padding: 1px 15px; margin: 10px; box-shadow: 0 1px 3px rgba(0,0,0,.5)}

.email-example a.collapsible-block-link {font-weight: bold;}

.tofrom {margin-left: 10px; margin-top: 5px; padding: 1px 15px; border-left: solid 3px maroon}

---

**Special Containment Procedures:** A perimeter has been established around SCP-8692, with at least one member of Foundation personnel surveilling the area from Outpost-31 at any given time to prevent civilian trespassing. Should any unauthorized personnel be seen within the perimeter, Mobile Task Force Delta-18 ("Big Irons") are to be dispatched to retrieve the intruder, who is to be brought to Area-09 for interrogation and administered Class-A amnestics.

Objects SCP-8692-1 through SCP-8692-4 are to be kept in separate standard containment lockers at Outpost-31 when not in use for testing.

**Description:** SCP-8692 is the burned-out ruins of a town in the Great Basin Desert, Nevada, approximately 2.2km² in area and █ miles from Area-09. Subjects entering the area of SCP-8692 report an abnormally heightened sense of dread, often to the point of inciting a “flight” response, with certain subjects instead reporting a desire to commit an act of violence regardless of any history with violence. These urges are consistently reported to be motivated by a feeling of revenge.

Four anomalous objects were discovered and retrieved by MTF Delta-18 during the initial quarantine and sweep of SCP-8692. These objects are listed below.

* SCP-8692-1: A Stetson-brand ten-gallon hat, believed to have been manufactured in 186█. The object contains trace amounts of Tartarean Resonance Energy. Hair samples taken from SCP-8692-1 were evaluated by Foundation researchers, but provided no DNA.Whether this genetic information was removed anomalously is currently under investigation.

* SCP-8692-2: A dagger composed of an iron handle and a blade made of an unknown metal alloy. The blade itself is stained with dried blood, which was tested for DNA. None was present. SCP-8692-2 is the only object of the set that does not emit or contain any TRE.

* SCP-8692-3: A wooden acoustic guitar of unknown make and model. The leftmost string of the guitar is broken. Similar to SCP-8692-1, the object contains trace amounts of TRE.

* SCP-8692-4: An 1851 Colt Navy Revolver containing a single .36 caliber round in its cylinder. All attempts to dislodge the round without firing the weapon have been unsuccessful. Both the round and an unknown symbol on the handle of the revolver emit a high concentration of TRE.

Subjects who make direct physical contact with any of the four objects report a brief burning sensation in the part of their body that made contact and hearing an unfamiliar voice whisper something in their ear (see Testing Log SCP-8692-B).

**Discovery:** When Area-09 was considering new training grounds for MTFs, Agent ████ was sent to survey a single square kilometer of the desert near the Area. Agent ████ promptly returned to Area-09, reporting that she had found the burned ruins of a town but felt an anomalous sense of extreme dread that forced her to retreat. SCP-8692 was deemed a cognitohazard and MTF Delta-18 was formed from agents with particularly high CRVs, who were then able to establish the bounds of SCP-8692 and identify objects SCP-8692-1 through SCP-8692-4.

**Addendum SCP-8692-A:** During routine surveillance of SCP-8692, personnel have reported seeing various people and hearing various noises within the perimeter. These have been hypothesized to be hallucinations, as none of the trespassers have been caught on security footage and none of the sounds (which include screams, gunshots, and the crackling of firewood) have been traced to a source.

<details>
<summary>+ Testing Log SCP-8692-B</summary>

Subjects making physical contact with any one of the anomalous objects listed previously report hearing an unfamiliar voice say a single sentence to them. There are no consistent traits of the voice, and it changes to be unique between subjects. Below is documentation of all known phrases associated with SCP-8692-1 through SCP-8692-4, courtesy of Dr. Scotts.

= **SCP-8692-1**

---

= "He was lost."

= "That damned town would burn."

= "I’m a pretty average Jane."

= "I remember when the afternoon sun would warm our hearts."

= "Mom always wanted me to do the chores."

---

= **SCP-8692-2**

---

= "All hail!"

= "We never did anything wrong."

= "Of course he would protect us."

= "We never knew her."

= "He was perfect."

= "He was found."

---

= **SCP-8692-3**

---

= "I’m not sorry."

= "They did it, I could hear him."

= "Who else could I turn to?"

= "I told you so."

---

= **SCP-8692-4**

---

= "I knew you had it in you, kid!"

= "It’s what they deserved."

= "No, no idea. Never met him."

= "I’ll bring some friends along."

= "Always happy to lend a hand."

= "Don’t leave me here."

---

**UPDATE 10/12/20██:** As of Experiment SCP-8692-12C, further messages given by the objects have consisted of nonsensical Latin sentences. Therefore, this list is unlikely to receive any further updates. If you wish to see a collection of the nonsensical phrases, please send Dr. Scotts a message.

</details>

---

<details>
<summary>Access SCiPNET Email? One (1) new message!</summary>

**To:** Dr. Dora Scotts

**From:** Dr. Adeliene Mallory

**Subject:** Re:Advice Regarding SCP-8692-4

---

Dear Dr. Scotts,

Thank you for reaching out. I have taken great interest in this project, and I have spoken with coworkers in the Parareligions Division in a hope to identify the organization that you believe to have occupied the area. As of current, there is no reason to believe that the area was occupied by a parareligion, but we cannot be sure. 

As for SCP-8692-4, it's very possible that it may contain an entity as you described. It's also possible that the round or firearm itself is a demonic artifact. I have put in an experiment request with administration in the hopes to take a closer look, and it should reach your desk soon. As of now, it is my expert opinion that the round inside of SCP-8692-4 should not be discharged until we can be absolutely certain what will happen.

Best regards,

Dr. Adeliene Mallory

**Department of Tactical Theology**

**Demonology Division**

*Ne redeant ad abyssum.*

---

@@ @@

</details>

<< [SCP-8691](SCP-8691) | SCP-8692 | [SCP-8693](SCP-8693) >>

> **Filename:** Halabiye_Church_Ruins.jpg

> **Author:** Verity Cridland

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/58789412@N00/4103169472
