**Item #:** SCP-8812

**Object Class:** Euclid

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8812 is currently inaccessible. While access to the only available entrypoint into the chamber containing SCP-8812 is monitored and guarded, public exposure of SCP-8812 is considered unlikely.

Attempts to gain entry to SCP-8812 are ~~ongoing~~ (*pending review, these attempts have been discontinued - O5-3*).

**Containment Memorandum 8812.4:** All footage of SCP-8812 is to be destroyed, and no additional surveillance drones are permitted to enter the well.

**Containment Memorandum 8812.5:** Portions of this article have been redacted. Relevant details for Level 5 personnel are available in *Addendum 8812.3*.

**Description:** SCP-8812 is [REDACTED PER MEM.8812.5] *a humanoid entity* currently located within a deepwater well near the lowest point of the Kow Ata cave system near Bäherden, Turkmenistan. The access point to the well is at a depth of roughly 63m below the surface, but the well itself is more than 1200m deep. Access to the well was previously accomplished through a 0.17m passageway, a space only wide enough for tethered video drones.

SCP-8812 is within a metal cage at a depth of between 743m and 758m - this cage is attached by a long chain to a motor near the surface of the well that will occasionally raise or lower the cage and its occupant. The pattern for this is seemingly erratic - there will often be long periods of inactivity or periods where the cage is moved only slightly, and other periods with significantly more activity. The reason for this is unknown, as is the location of the power source for the motor, if it exists at all.

Additionally, how SCP-8812 was placed within the cage, and how the cage and the well were created in the first place, are all unknown - no entrance capable of fitting the equipment required to accomplish any of the above has been found within the narrow confines of the space above the well itself, which measures only 0.53m in height and 1.14m at its widest point.

Video drones sent into the well containing SCP-8812 have verified that the entity is alive, despite being beneath over 700m+ of water without any evident life-supporting equipment. ~~It is unknown how long SCP-8812 has remained in this state.~~ SCP-8812 displays signs of ██████ ████████ and appears to be in a state of █████████ ████████.

**Addendum 8812.1:** Discovery

SCP-8812 was discovered by local cave divers in 1972, who discovered the impassable entryway while exploring Kow Ata cave and reported hearing faint noises through the tunnel. In 2005, another diver managed to get a camera through the entryway and captured the first known image of the well itself.

Foundation personnel were alerted to the existence of SCP-8812 in the wake of posts on caving message boards describing the impossibility of the shaft due to its inaccessibility. The section of the cave containing the entryway was quickly locked down and placed under Foundation management while further investigation of the site was administered.

**Addendum 8812.2:** Accessibility

Immediately after the events of [DATA EXPUNGED] attempting to gain access to SCP-8812 resulted in a partial cave-in of the passageway leading to the well. Additional attempts to access SCP-8812 ~~are planned~~ have been discontinued until further notice.

**Addendum 8812.3:** [REDACTED BY ORDER OF O5-3]

<details>
<summary>+ Level 5 Access Required</summary>

**Addendum 8812.3:** Incident 8812.3

> **Dr. Furman:** Describe what happened next.

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** We were following the chain down, and had just gotten to the point where we thought we needed to feed more cable, and then the top of the uh, the top of the cage came into view. It was hard to see - it's so dark and the water is really murky, so we started going down slowly, and...

> 

> **Dr. Furman:** Take your time.

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** I just... I'm sorry. We started descending again, and we could see it through the bars - it wasn't... I don't know how long it had been down there, but you could only barely tell that it had been a... been a man at some point, but it was moving, you know - scratching at its throat and... like it was drowning. It was facing away from us, so we...

> 

> (*Pauses*)

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** There was a snag in the cable somewhere, we think, and the camera dropped fast. Sara started working the cable back up, she was on the front camera, and we got a good look at part of it, and then it... she got up to where the face was, and it...

> 

> (*Pauses*)

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** It happened fast. I think she said something, maybe I imagined it, but the next thing I know that thing is... that rotten thing is here wriggling on the floor, leaking... leaking *bile* and whatever else, and the smell, *god*... and we look up and there she is, in the cage, screaming and scratching at her throat and her face, and...

> 

> **Dr. Furman:** Who took action afterwards?

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** Peters, I think. He started yanking on the cable, trying to get it stuck in the cage maybe, thought he might be able to... I don't know what he thought he was going to do. It didn't matter. We couldn't do anything. She's still down there.

> 

> **Dr. Furman:** And the entity that appeared in the observation room, did it say anything to you before it expired?

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** I... yes, it did. How did you know that?

> 

> **Dr. Furman:** What did it say?

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** (*Pauses*)

> 

> **Dr. Furman:** I need you to please answer the question.

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** It said [DATA EXPUNGED].

> 

> **Dr. Furman:** I see.

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** What does it mean?

> 

> **Dr. Furman:** (*Pauses*) Do you want to know?

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** (*Pauses*)

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** Did we-

> 

> **Dr. Furman:** Doctor.

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** But then... the thing in the cage... how did-

> 

> **Dr. Furman:** Do you want to ask that question?

> 

> **Dr. Muhadow:** You're right. I'm sorry. Thank you.

</details>

= << [SCP-8811](SCP-8811) | SCP-8812 | [SCP-8813](SCP-8813) >>

> **Filename:** entrance.JPG

> **Name:** Inside the Lake Saiko Bat Cave C-Point

> **Author:** Sakaori

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Inside_the_Lake_Saiko_Bat_Cave_C-Point.JPG)

> **Filename:** well.JPG

> **Name:** Dizengof Center underground lake P1200286

> **Author:** deror_avi

> **License:** CC-BY-SA 3.0, 2.5, 2.0, and 1.0

> **Source Link:** [Wikimedia Commons](https://commons.wikimedia.org/wiki/File:Dizengof_Center_underground_lake_P1200286.JPG)
