=====

=====

 This article contains a content warning

⚠️ **Content warning:** Misogyny; graphic violence and animal abuse; implications of drugging.

**Item #:** SCP-8364

**Object Class:** Keter

**Special Containment Procedures:** SCP-8364 must be contained in a bio-class AEPE Anomalous Energy Production Exploitation  cell equipped with a venting system capable of flooding the containment chamber with inert gas. The containment sector the cell is stored in must not rely on water-based installations for fire prevention.

Any containers or cells SCP-8364 is placed in other than its primary containment chamber, including transportation containers, must be filled with inert gas prior to entry. After SCP-8364 has been removed from a container or cell, all surfaces must be inspected for SCP-8364-A and corrosion prior to the atmosphere being replaced. Any SCP-8364-A discovered must be removed using non-water-based cleaners.

The containment lead responsible for SCP-8364 must perform periodic reporting on the behavior of SCP-8364. The report must include any intervals of abnormally active or inactive behavior, any interactions SCP-8364 had with other organisms and its reaction thereto, and any periods of dormancy and its behavior upon revival. The containment lead must use these reports to determine the optimal schedule of activity, dormancy, and interaction to maximize energy production while minimizing material cost of repairs and risk of containment breach; the containment lead is authorized to use .aic units for data and pattern analysis related to this responsibility.

If SCP-8364 attempts to escape containment, its cell must be flooded with inert gas until SCP-8364 becomes dormant. If SCP-8364 breaches containment, its sector must be put into lockdown and MTF Epsilon-9 ("Fire Eaters") must be contacted immediately for re-containment. Any fires caused by SCP-8364-A must be extinguished through non-water-based methods, including class ABC or BC fire extinguishers.

Searches for PoI-8013 and PoI-8014 are ongoing. Any information related to their location must be reported immediately. 

**Description:** SCP-8364 is a digitigrade quadruped, measuring 0.71 meters from floor to withers and 1.01 meters from nape to sacrum. The epidermis of SCP-8364 is dark grey, with a pliable, smooth texture excepting multiple regions of scar tissue that are spread across its body with no discernible pattern; notable instances include scars encircling the muzzle and hock joints. SCP-8364 has not displayed any need for food or water to survive.

The epidermis of SCP-8364 continuously produces a black anomalous liquid designated as SCP-8364-A. SCP-8364-A is highly reactive, spontaneously igniting when introduced to oxygen, water, or any other non-inert atmosphere. SCP-8364 does not appear to be harmed by its state of perpetual combustion, nor is it adversely affected by any chemical byproducts released by the combustion reaction. Studies of unignited SCP-8364-A have determined that it is also highly corrosive, rapidly degrading most materials it comes in contact with. No materials resistant to SCP-8364-A which have suitable properties to be used in containment have been found.

If SCP-8364 enters an environment that prohibits the combustion of SCP-8364-A, such as an inert atmosphere, it will enter a state of dormancy wherein it will cease motion and become unresponsive to external stimuli. The production of SCP-8364-A will continue during this state. Medical examination of SCP-8364 while dormant revealed a rapid healing response to any incisions made; SCP-8364-A was observed filling the cut and solidifying, with the end result being identical to the undamaged state. The process took less than half of a second in all observed events regardless of the size of the triggering injury. It is unknown why the existing scars on the epidermis of SCP-8364 did not heal in this manner.

SCP-8364 is capable of producing prehensile tentacles from its body, either by modifying existing protrusions (legs, tail, tongue) or by extruding the tentacles from any area of epidermis. The specific anatomy of each tentacle is highly variable, though certain aspects are consistent. The tentacles are usually around 15 centimeters in diameter and have been observed extending up to five meters in length. When forming tentacles, SCP-8364 has been observed to always create seven even when a lower number would be sufficient for its perceived intent.

The behavior of SCP-8364 is highly variable, but consistent patterns have been observed. When alone, SCP-8364 will lay on the floor, walk around its enclosure, or manipulate any items available to it. When SCP-8364 comes into contact with a person, it will approach them while maintaining a distance of around three meters. If the person interacts with or displays interest in any item within the enclosure, SCP-8364 will mimic their interest while maintaining distance from the person; for example, if the person throws an item, SCP-8364 will move to pick up the item and drop it around three meters away from the person. 

SCP-8364 has displayed the ability to understand and follow certain commands when spoken in German. A short list of commands deemed generally useful has been compiled; for a full list, see document 8364-R8-L.

| Command | Pronunciation | English | SCP-8364 Response |
| --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Sitz | ZI-ts | Sit | SCP-8364 will sit on the ground. |
| Platz | pl-AH-ts | Down | SCP-8364 will lay on the ground. |
| Bleib | bl-AI-p | Stay | SCP-8364 will remain at their current location. |
| Hier | HE-uh | Come | SCP-8364 will approach the person who gave the command, maintaining a distance of around three meters. SCP-8364 will not approach closer, even if the command is repeated. |
| Fuß | FOO-ss | Heel | SCP-8364 will move to the left side of the person who gave the command, maintaining a distance of around three meters. If the person moves, SCP-8364 will move with them. |
Multiple aggravating factors have been identified which can result in a change to the behavior of SCP-8364. These factors include:

* Prolonged periods of isolation.

* A person or animal acting aggressively towards SCP-8364.

* A person or animal looking away from or turning their back on SCP-8364.

* A person or animal sitting, laying down, falling, limping, or otherwise displaying signs of physical vulnerability in front of SCP-8364.

* A person or animal displaying signs of pain or fear in front of SCP-8364.

* A person or animal running from SCP-8364.

The response from SCP-8364 when exposed to aggravating factors is highly variable but generally involves increased hostility towards personnel and containment procedures, the severity of which becomes more extreme with higher levels of aggravation. SCP-8364 will gradually return to a passive state if all aggravating factors are removed from its environment, though the amount of time taken for this process to occur is inconsistent. Commonly observed signs of aggravation include:

* Aggressive vocalizations.

* Rapid pacing movement.

* Increased production of SCP-8364-A.

* Manifestation of tentacles.

* Attempting to damage items within its enclosure.

* Attempting to escape or damage its enclosure.

* Approaching or chasing any people or animals in its enclosure.

* Attacking any people or animals in its enclosure.

Following any period of aggravation, SCP-8364 has been observed to enter a period of decreased activity and responsiveness.

# **Addendum 8364-01: Recovery Log**

---

The following is a compilation of information obtained regarding the recovery of SCP-8364 in 2023. It includes observations that were made during the operation and facts that were discovered after the operation had concluded via autopsies, background checks, and on-scene investigations.

---

## **Involved Persons**

### Maria Hall

A 24-year-old Caucasian female. Resided in New Rochelle, NY, USA. Romantic partner of Patrick Hall, who died in a car accident on 04/23/2022. Graduate of Cornell University.

### Martin Cook

A 25-year-old Caucasian male. Resided in Albany, NY, USA. 

Martin had been a member of the Eta Eta Omega fraternity while attending Cornell University, having joined in 2015 and maintained membership until its disbandment in 2018. 

Eta Eta Omega was officially founded in 1869 as a group specifically outspoken against allowing women to attend the university, though over time the group's interests diluted to form a platform based on maintaining "the proper social order". Interviews with members and ex-members revealed characteristics consistent with GoI-586 The Children of the Scarlet King , including an aesthetic focus on marine elements and the color red, a rigid social hierarchy, and a culture which celebrated traditional displays of masculinity and aggression. Investigation of this connection revealed allegations of sexual misconduct, abusive hazing rituals, and possible attempts at thaumaturgy, but failed to uncover any significant evidence of anomalous activity. As a result, the Foundation labeled the fraternity as low-risk but took no other action.

Eta Eta Omega lost official university recognition in the summer of 2018 for "promoting antisocial behaviors and actions," resulting in disbandment shortly after.  Despite the official dissolution, Foundation observers have confirmed that many members of the fraternity maintained contact with each other.

---

### 07/03/2023 - 07/06/2023

Foundation webcrawlers detected suspicious web searches made by Martin Cook from his home over the course of four days. Searches included questions regarding catching and butchering wild animals, purchasing greenbrier vines, and methods for constraining a human subject. Due to Martin's connection with Eta Eta Omega, field group "Lima" was dispatched to observe Martin and determine if further action was necessary. 

---

### 07/07/2023 (Friday)

#### 1204 Hours

Lima-1 ("Bruce"), Lima-2 ("Mouse"), and Lima-3 ("Blue") arrived at Martin's property and discovered that he was not at his home. After questioning his neighbors, they learned that Martin had been seen leaving and returning many times over the preceding days, as well as receiving an unusual number of packages. One neighbor noted that Martin had mentioned owning a cabin and suspected he'd been traveling to it, but was only able to remember that it was somewhere in Delaware County. Lima-3 began to search through Delaware County property records to determine the address.

While Lima-3 searched for the cabin, Lima-1 and Lima-2 entered Martin's house by picking the lock. They noted three empty shipping boxes near the front door and two more in the living room. The boxes were marked as being sent using the shipping company UPS, but were all empty and lacked any indications about their contents. The agents also found a bundle of cow leather and twine in the kitchen. Next to the material, the agents found a sheet of paper with the following text written on it:

Havoc will rise from the ash

Cast from our rightful divine

Finish the balancing course

Kindling made from the kine

Blood from the five born of dust

Flame from his searing disgust

Essence from barbarous lust

 - Brother Dignity Has since been designated PoI-8013 

While the other agents finished searching the house, Lima-3 found the location of Martin's cabin. After the search had concluded, the agents went to the address.

---

#### 1832 Hours

The following is a transcription of the footage captured by the body cameras of the agents when they arrived at the cabin.

**[BEGIN TRANSCRIPTION]**

[The Lima field team are approaching Martin's property via CFV Covert Field Vehicle . Lima-1 is driving while Lima-2 and Lima-3 are sitting in the back, preparing gear. The sun is low.]

**Lima-1:** ...so Muddy was already outside trying to clear the bystanders, and right when I started to crawl out through the window, the entire front of the house collapsed. I got stuck for *two hours* before they could dig me out.

**Lima-3:** Damn. What happened to the OSHA guy?

**Lima-1:** No idea. I hope someone bought him a beer before he got wiped, though.

[The CFV turns onto a gravel road.]

**Lima-1:** In any case, we're approaching the location. Y'all set up?

[Lima-2 and Lima-3 are wearing the standard uniform and body armor of the New York police department. Each is armed with a taser and a Glock 17 pistol.]

**Lima-3:** Believe so.

[Lima-2 grunts.]

**Lima-1:** Great. Blue, this probably ain't gonna be anything, but would you grab an Alpeter-Grand sensor? Just in case?

[Lima-2 glares at Lima-1.]

**Lima-3:** Sure. Where are they?

**Lima-1:** Oh, should be right next to the left-handed door wedges.

[Lima-3 looks through the gear for a moment before stopping.]

**Lima-3:** ...I think I'm supposed to report hazing to leadership.

**Lima-1:** Hey, that's me! Anything to report?

**Lima-3:** ...Not at this time, sir.

**Lima-1:** Great. 

[A single-story cabin comes into view through the woods. Two vehicles are visible parked outside.]

**Lima-1:** But really, this is probably just some dumbass pouring goat blood on people.

**Lima-3:** That doesn't sound like nothing.

**Lima-1:** Oh yeah, this could be fucked up as all hell. I just meant it probably ain't gonna be anomalous. There's a lot more people trying to do magic than there are people actually doing it. 

[The CFV reaches the cabin and stops.]

**Lima-1:** Speaking of fucked up, you sure you don't want to bring something bigger?

[Lima-1 gestures to the TS12 semi-automatic shotgun mounted on the back wall.]

**Lima-3:** Well, we're trying to be covert, right? Just some cops doing a wellness check?

**Lima-1:** It's your call, but I've run into more situations where I've gotten fucked by being under-armed than by being over-armed.

**Lima-3:** It's like you said; this'll probably be nothing.

**Lima-1:** Mouse? You have any thoughts?

[Lima-2 shrugs.]

**Lima-1:** Suit yourselves. Blue, get me the license plates off the cars. Mouse, clear the perimeter. Radios on and get out of my van.

[Lima-2 and Lima-3 exit the CFV through the side doors. Lima-2 moves to sweep the outside of the cabin while Lima-3 approaches the vehicles parked in front of it.]

**Lima-3:**First vehicle, Ford F-150. Identified as belonging to Martin Cook  License plate number, [REDACTED].

**Lima-1** Copy. 

**Lima-3:** Second vehicle, Honda Civic. Identified as belonging to Maria Hall  License plate number, [REDACTED]. 

**Lima-1:** Copy. 

**Lima-2:** Outside is clear. No signs of movement on the first floor, but I smell smoke.

**Lima-3:** So do I.

**Lima-1:** Copy. Regroup at the front.

[Lima-2 comes back around to the front of the cabin, and then Lima-2 and Lima-3 approach the front door.]

**Lima-3:** Damn, that is *strong.* It's like someone burnt the absolute *shit* out of a steak.

**Lima-2:** Quiet.

[Both go silent.]

**Lima-2:** I hear burning. And...chanting.

[No one speaks. The sound of wind blowing through the trees is picked up by the body-cam, but nothing else.]

**Lima-3:** I'll take your word for it.

[Lima-3 raises a hand and knocks three times on the door.]

**Lima-3:** @@[@@*loudly*] NYPD. We are here to perform a wellness check; please respond.

[Ten seconds pass with no response.]

**Lima-2:** Still chanting.

**Lima-1:** Move in.

[Lima-2 produces a rake pick and picks the lock. They open the door.]

[Both enter the cabin, clearing the front room. The sounds of burning and chanting are now audible to the cameras, coming from below the floor. Muffled screams are also heard.]

[Lima-2 signals using hand signs, "Below. Search. Stairs." Lima-3 nods. Both move together to clear the house, room by room.]

[After a minute of searching, they enter a kitchen and find a door leading down to the basement. They also note another door that leads out to the backyard. Lima-2 opens the basement door silently.]

[The stairs are enclosed on the left side by the basement wall, with the right side open to the room. The stairs meet the floor a couple of meters from the far wall. The chanting has begun to crescendo.]

[Lima-2 extends a baton camera into the basement while Lima-3 covers them. In the center of the room is a 3-meter diameter circle engraved in the floor; fire burns inside it, pressing against its edges but not spreading out or burning the ceiling above the circle. Standing in front of it, facing away from the stairs, is a hooded figure Identified as Martin Cook  wearing a coal-black robe and a scarlet stole. Their arms gesture aggressively in time with their chanting, and a bloody meat hook is held in their gloved right hand.] 

[Against the left wall of the room is a table arranged with bronze implements, including a gutting knife, a bowl filled with offal, and a branding iron. Below the table are four cages and a fish tank. Three of the cages are empty, with the last holding a squirrel which is frantically pushing itself against the bars. The tank contains a small-mouth bass, swimming placidly.]

[Between the hooded figure and the stairs is a wooden chair. A woman, later identified as Maria Hall, is tied to it with thorned vines that bind her arms, legs, and torso. Her clothes are stained with blood, and she has been gagged by a bloody dog collar tied around her head.]

**Lima-2:** @@[@@*whispered*] Anomalous action confirmed. Class-T ceremony in progress. One threat, armed with a hook, no other visible weapons. One apparent civilian, bound and injured. Requesting backup.

[Lima-3 glances back at the camera.]

**Lima-3:** @@[@@*whispered*] Holy shit.

[The cloaked figure moves to the cages and picks up the squirrel, which immediately begins to bite and scratch against their gloves. Slowly, they push the hook through its flank and out the other side, dripping blood onto the floor. Holding the squirrel in place, they move back to the fire.]

**Lima-1:** Copy. I called in Epsilon-9, ETA ten minutes. Move to recover the civ. Do it quietly, if possible.

**Lima-3:** @@[@@*whispered*] What about the hook guy? Shouldn't we kill him?

**Lima-2:** @@[@@*whispered*] Negative.

**Lima-1:** Amateur rituals are touchy; killing him could do anything from blowing up the cabin to spawning a literal portal to hell. If you can get the civ out before he notices you, that'd be best.

[The cloaked figure holds the hooked squirrel out to the right side, arm straight. While chanting, they slowly move their arm forward in an arc, passing the squirrel over the ring and into the fire.]

**Lima-3:** But if he keeps doing...whatever he's doing, won't it get worse?

**Lima-1:** We don't have the resources to handle it. Our priority is to clear the area so the big guys have less to worry about, which means y'all need to rescue the civilian.

**Lima-3:** Understood.

[Lima-2 and Lima-3 ready their pistols and quietly enter the basement, Lima-2 entering first. At the bottom of the stairs, Lima-2 moves towards Maria while Lima-3 stays along the wall, maintaining a clear line of fire to the cloaked figure.]

[As the squirrel burns to ash, a flaming tentacle slams against the invisible wall of the circle. A crackling howl is heard.]

[Lima-2 reaches Maria, holsters their pistol, and takes out a knife. They begin to carefully cut the vines.]

[The cloaked figure turns back to the table before noticing the agents. They turn to face them, revealing that they are wearing a bronze mask of an octopus with tentacles hanging down to their chest. The figure stops chanting, and the fire begins to push out of the circle before they quickly begin again. Their voice is noticeably strained.]

**Lima-3:** Drop the hook and stay where you are. Keep your hands-

[The figure suddenly throws the hook at Lima-3, simultaneously reaching under their cloak with their other hand. Lima-3 fires, grazing the figure's shoulder, and the hook hits Lima-3 handle-first in the head. Lima-2 drops their knife and moves to draw their pistol.]

[The figure, still chanting, pulls a short-barrel shotgun from under their cloak and aims it at Lima-3.]

[Lima-2 draws and fires, missing but causing the figure to flinch as they pull the trigger. Most of the shot misses, burying into the wall, but one pellet penetrates Lima-3's left thigh. Lima-3 falls to a knee as their leg is forced backward, but quickly recovers and fires back, shooting the figure in the head. Shards of the broken mask fly away as the figure falls to the floor.]

[Lima-3 struggles to stand while Maria works her way out of the vines and gets up out of the chair. The fire begins to spread out of the circle again, and SCP-8364 is now visible clawing at the inside of the ring. Both agents keep their guns pointed at the fire, which has begun to burn the ceiling.]

**Lima-3:** @@[@@*shouting*] Fuck me, what the hell?

**Lima-2:** @@[@@*shouting*] We need to move. @@[@@*gestures towards Maria*] Get out as fast as you can.

[All three move towards the stairs, Maria going up first. Lima-2 motions Lima-3 to follow behind her and supports him as they ascend.]

[Suddenly, a tentacle whips out of the circle towards Lima-2. Lima-3 shoots it, diverting it enough for Lima-2 to duck out of the way, but collapses from putting weight on his injured leg. He falls down the stairs past Lima-2, dropping his pistol in the process.]

**Lima-3:** Fuck!

[Lima-2 reaches back to pull Lima-3 up by the collar of his vest, but a tentacle wraps around Lima-3's injured leg and starts to drag him towards the circle. As his clothes ignite, Lima-3 attempts to kick the tentacle with his free leg while Lima-2 continues trying to pull him back towards the stairs. The tentacle begins to slip as Lima-3's leg burns away before it tightens its grip; a cracking sound is audible and Lima-3 screams.]

[A howl echoes in the burning basement. Suddenly, another tentacle darts out of the circle towards Lima-2, forcing them to release Lima-3 and jump back. Although they avoid direct contact with the tentacle, a spray of burning SCP-8364-A lands on their forearm. They attempt to beat the fire out with their hand while SCP-8364 drags Lima-3 fully into the circle, but only spread the SCP-8364-A further along their arm.]

[Lima-2 runs back to the stairs while ripping off the sleeve of their uniform as a third tentacle wraps around a burning ceiling beam. A groan echoes in the basement as the tentacle pulls down on the beam before it suddenly cracks, collapsing the basement ceiling and burying Lima-3 and SCP-8364 under burning wood.]

**Lima-2:** Shit.

[Lima-2 runs up the stairs towards the kitchen.] 

**Lima-2:** Blues down. Sh-(cough)-Shit's fucked. Coming out the back.

**Lima-1:** Copy. Bringing 'er around.

[Lima-2 reaches the first floor. The air is filled with ash and embers and is hazy with heat. The remains of the basement are visible through a hole in the floor, though it is difficult to see through the flames and smoke. Maria has run around the hole and is approaching the back door of the cabin, and Lima-2 moves to follow. Both are hunched low and coughing.]

[Suddenly, SCP-8364 leaps up through the hole and lands between Maria and Lima-2, igniting the floor and walls. Lima-2 quickly sidesteps to remove Maria from his line of fire as SCP-8364 lashes at her back with a tentacle. The woman scrambles forward and Lima-2 loses visual contact with her due to the smoke and flames, but a scream is heard over the burning wood. SCP-8364 momentarily freezes at the sound before Lima-2 opens fire.]

[SCP-8364 loses balance as a bullet strikes it in the front leg, and nearly staggers into the hole in the floor before using a tentacle to stabilize itself. Lima-2 fires once more before quickly sidestepping into a nearby room.]

**Lima-2:** Civ near the back door, (cough) unknown status. Path is blocked, heading to the fro-

[A crash is heard, shortly followed by a cracking sound, and Lima-2 suddenly falls screaming to the ground. They attempt to rise, allowing the body-cam to capture a tentacle that had broken through the wall and constricted around their right leg; a compound shin fracture is visible through the flames before the lower leg is burned away completely.]

**Lima-1:** Mouse? What's your status?

[SCP-8364 breaks through the wall, tentacles tearing apart the burning wood, and lunges at Lima-2. The body-cam fails as a tentacle drives itself through their chest.]

**Lima-1:** Mouse? ...Shit.

[Lima-1 has driven the CFV to the rear of the cabin. He has positioned the side door of the vehicle approximately 8 meters from the back door of the building. Flame burns along the roof and smoke fills the sky. He is sitting in the driver's seat, watching the door. A few moments pass as the wood crackles and burns.]

**Lima-1:** Fuck it. @@[@@*into long-range radio*] Lima-Central, field team is returning to station. Two team casualties, civilian status is unknown but presumed-

[Suddenly, the back door opens. Maria limps out, favoring her left leg. The lower part of the pant leg has been torn off, revealing deep second-degree burns along her calf.]

**Lima-1:**@@[@@*into long-range radio*] -presumed alive. Moving to recover, over and out.

[Lima-1 moves to the back of the CFV and opens the side door. Maria looks up at the sound.]

**Lima-1:** Get in!

[As Maria begins to approach the vehicle, a tentacle breaks through the back door and tears it down. Maria looks back as SCP-8364 moves through the doorway and crouches, preparing to lunge at her. She turns to face it and holds a hand towards it, palm facing out.]

**Maria:** Bleib!

[SCP-8364 freezes in place, crouched low. Nobody moves for several moments. The house continues to burn.]

[Maria begins to slowly walk backward towards the CFV, hand still raised. Lima-1 removes something from the wall of the vehicle, but the body-cam doesn't see what it is.]

[SCP-8364 emits a low growl. The ground below it has been scorched black, and a puddle of SCP-8364-A is forming beneath it. A loud groan is heard from the house; burning structural beams are visible through holes in the back wall. Maria moves within a few steps of the CFV.]

[As Maria takes a step back onto her injured leg, it suddenly buckles and she falls backward into the vehicle. SCP-8364 emits a crackling roar and lunges towards them, tentacles flying. Lima-1 quickly aims the object he had removed previously, which is shown to be the TS12 shotgun.]

[Lima-1 fires as SCP-8364 reaches the apex of its jump. It is thrown backward at the same time the back of the house suddenly collapses towards them, burying SCP-8364 under burning rubble and sending a wave of ash and embers into the CFV.]

[Lima-1 and Maria, both coughing, scramble into the front cabin of the vehicle. Maria brushes embers off her skin as Lima-1 drives the CFV back towards the entrance of the property.]

**[END TRANSCRIPTION]**

---

Following the collapse of the cabin, MTF Epsilon-9 arrived on the scene as the CFV reached the entrance to the property. While the team's medics tended to the survivor's injuries, the remaining squad made their way to the remains of the cabin with a high-temperature containment vehicle. SCP-8364 was found wandering outside the wreckage, making high-pitched vocalizations, and did not respond to the squad as they encircled it. The sergeant leading the squad reported that it was trivially easy to herd SCP-8364 into the containment vehicle, as it seemed to actively avoid contact with members of the squad. 

Following containment, Maria Hall was questioned on-site. She stated that she had been invited to the cabin by Martin Cook for dinner. The two of them had met during college, and although they didn't talk much after graduating, they both said they wanted to catch up sometime. Martin had asked her to bring her dog, Riley, saying that he hadn't met her before and "wanted to see if Riley was as cute in-person as she was in the pictures :3". 

Martin had already prepared dinner when she arrived, and they immediately started eating. Maria reported quickly feeling disoriented, and was unable to remember anything that occurred between eating dinner and the field agents arriving.

Following the interrogation, Maria was given amnestics and released to a local medical facility. The public cover story was that a gas leak had ignited and destroyed the house, killing both Martin and Maria's dog; due to the high heat and pressure, neither body would be recovered.

# **Addendum 8364-02: Maria Hall**

---

Following the recovery of SCP-8364, Maria Hall was placed under observation to ensure the cover story was accepted. She questioned multiple aspects of the situation, including her lack of memory of the incident, but Foundation agents planted at the hospital told her that inhaling high concentrations of gas can result in memory loss and confusion. The Foundation agents noted that she seemed skeptical, but did not push against the explanations given.

On 07/17/2023, Maria Hall was reported missing by hospital staff. According to the nurse who discovered her disappearance, the only items in her room were an empty cloth bag and the following note:

Maria,

They are lying to you. They murdered Martin and stole your dog, and they may do worse to you. They have also robbed you of your memories, but I can return them if you find me. Pour the bag into a bottle of water and drink it; you'll know what to do next.

See you soon,

A Friend

Analysis of the note revealed that the handwriting matched PoI-8013, the author of the letter found in Martin's house. Since her disappearance, Maria has been designated PoI-8014.

@@ @@

<< [SCP-8363](SCP-8363) | SCP-8364 | [SCP-8365](SCP-8365) >>

> **Filename:** SCP-8364.jpg

> **Name:** 7271122358_52e59f8642_o

> **Author:** Tony Alter

> **License:** CC BY 2.0

> **Source Link:** https://www.flickr.com/photos/78428166@N00/7271122358

> **Additional Notes:** Cropped from original
